General directory of all the cohorts in the city.
General directory of all the encounters currently active in the city.
General directory of all the factions, with some general information about each one, grouped by type.
Faction Sector Directory
General directory of all the factions, with some general information about each one, grouped by sector.
Major Locations
A directory of all of the districts and points of interest (POIs).  See general information about them, or right-click to jump to them.
Ecology Graphs
A detailed graph of recent changes to the ecology in each district of the city.
Do voodoo to animals with nanotech magic science.
Complete directory of all the buildings in the city, including the ability to click through and see way-too-detailed info about each one.
Population Stats
Statistics and information about different dimensions of the population of the city.  Socioeconomic, professions, group affiliations, etc.
Building Resources
Lots of building resources flow from one place to another through the hands of many factions in many different supply chains throughout the city.  This lets you get an overview of some of what is happening.
District Resources
Many fewer district resources indicate health or malaise in various districts.  This lets you get an overview of some of what is happening.
Faction Resources
Even fewer central faction resources are held to indicate wealth and other centralized factors.  This lets you get an overview of some of what is happening.
What do you have stored for use?
District Info
Spreading your machine lairs between multiple districts is much more cost-effective and also gives you greater visibility into what factions are doing.
Build New Lairs
Pick buildings of the humans for infestation with your own hidden machine lairs.
Tech Tree
Upgrading techs gives you new or improved capabilities, unit types, machine lairs, and more.  Research in many domains is one of your highest priorities as a machine intelligence.
Enter Battle Mode
Take a battle mode view of the current location, and consider fighting units from encounters in this area.
		
Entering battle mode does not commit you to a fight; it could just be for considering the deployments of your units, or if you even want to engage in a battle here.
Design the standing army you wish to have availble.
Neuro Net Policies
Change settings to the NeuroNet.
Exit Battle Mode
Exit battle mode, returning you to the normal view of the city.  If you've just been scouting, this has no effect on anything.
		
If you've deployed units or attacked units, this battlefield will persist for a short time as the humans deal with the aftermath.
Deployment Method
For units that you choose to add to the battle, which method will they use to arrive?
Squad Deployment
Which type of squad(s) do you wish to deploy, and where?
Vehicle Deployment
Which type of vehicle(s) do you wish to deploy, and where?
NPC Unit Deploy
Sandbox mode only, allows you to place NPCs (the types of units that spawn from encounters) down on the battlefield to see what happens.
NPC Reinforce Deploy
Sandbox mode only, allows you to place NPCs (the types of units that spawn as reinforcements) down on the battlefield to see what happens.
Building Overlays
Key tool!  Allows you to see an alternative view of the world with buildings highlighted in specific ways depending on the filter citeria you set up.
Message Log
Did some messagese pop up that you wanted to look back at?  Truly transient messages are not stored, but anything that might have long-term significance is stored here.
View performance information.
Save your game here.
Adjust various game settings.
Change the mouse/keyboard input bindings.
Looking to cheat, for strategic gain or just for testing?  Here you go.
Join the Discord server.
Quit back to the main menu.
Exit to Desktop
Exit game to desktop.
