Rioter
Little more than an angry person with rudimentary weapons.
Armed Rioter
Armed with guns, these rioters think they're protecting things but they actually make everything worse.
Looter
Lowlifes more preocupied with fleeing the area with resources than anything else.
Arsonist
As bad as brutes, but they either have a weird preference for fire or think it is somehow the solution to societal problems.
Riot Instigator
Often toting megaphones, these criminals encourage rioting and looting as a response to society's issues.
Syndicate Associate
Initiates into criminal syndicates stay in this role until they prove themselves or die trying.
Syndicate Enforcer
Experienced criminals, good in combat.
Syndicate Triggerman
Enforcers who are especially fond of killing, but who lack the finesse to climb higher in the hierarchy.
Syndicate Hitman
Experienced assassin, deadly and dangerous. Be extra wary of bald ones.
Syndicate Bodyguard
The best of the best, chosen to guard the Syndicate bosses.
Syndicate Capo
Someone has to be in charge of criminals, and Capos are usually it.
Syndicate Underboss
The second in command of a criminal syndicate, capable of leading large groups and putting up a strong fight.
Syndicate Boss
The boss of a crime syndicate, always accompanied by capable bodyguards.
Syndicate Kingpin
The boss of all the bosses, who somehow managed to unite all Syndicates under his thumb. It is rare for someone to reach this position, and even rarer for them to stay alive in it.
Brute
Petty criminals, lowest in the food chain. Cowardly and weak, even by criminal's low standards.
Gang Burglar
These thieves favor stealth over direct confrontations.
Gang Bagman
Responsible for driving things or carrying money. Not much use in a fight, and will try to flee at any chance.
Gang Muscle
Aggressive and focused on physical violence over thinking matters, these criminals act as bodyguards and enforcers for gang operations.
Gang Ghost
Experienced thieves, capable of sneaking under surveilled areas.
Gang Technician
Smarter than other criminals and with a propensity to science, these lowlives specialize in creating contraptions and supporting criminal activities.
Gang Chief
Cleverer or more ruthless than your run of the mill criminals, this one is in charge of small groups of thieves.
MegaCorp Talons
Able to walk into boarding rooms during the day and sneak into secure facilities by night, MegaCorp's infiltrators are sneaky, competent, and extremely deadly.
MegaCorp Eliminator
The most deadly, heavily armored, dangerous humans in existence. It takes an unique individual to face them and come out alive.
MegaCorp Liquidator
Specialized in long range combat over close quarter engagement, these infiltration soldiers can one-shot a tank from several city blocks of distance.
MegaCorp Judicator
AI-augmented human soldiers clad in power armor, these flying elite units are able to surpass even Titanium Knights in a direct fight.
Rifleman
Basic footsoldier, capable of fulfilling any core tactical offensive or defensive role.
Shotgunner
Heavily-armored assault soldier, specialized in getting close to enemies with a high-caliber shotgun.
Riot Trooper
Shield-equipped riot control unit, capable of blasting targets with a shotgun or taking them down non-lethally with an ElectroLaser.
Support Gunner
Footsoldier equipped with a Light Machine Gun and copious amounts of ammunition.
Breacher
Fast moving soldier specialized in hit-and-run tactics. Equipped with a laser rifle, breaching charges, and stun grenades.
Combat Medic
Trained soldier capable of healing human units during combat and evacuating soldiers off the field.
Sniper
Lightly-armored soldier carrying a long-range, high-damage rifle.
Heavy Gunner
Minigun-toting heavily armored soldier, capable of putting formidable amounts of fire downrange.
Rocket Gunner
Rocket launcher-toting  heavily armored soldier, specialized on anti-armor warfare.
Grenadier
Carrying a long range grenade launcher, this soldier can saturate the battlefield from any position and resupply allied explosives.
Commando
Highly-trained, versatile soldier capable of taking down any threat in the battlefield. Carries a variety of gear, including stun grenades, EMP explosives, and automatic weapons.
Robot-Killer
Specialized anti-robot soldier, equipped with EMP grenades, ElectroLasers, and high-damaging weapons.
Cloaker
Equipped with a very rudimentary cloaking device, this human soldier can turn itself and other units invisible for a short amount of time.
Jump Trooper
Hover-assisted jump packs allow this unit to stay in the air indefinitely, though biological limitations restrict how fast it can move compared to air vehicles.
Flamer
Heavily armored unit equipped with a flamethrower, capable of hitting multiple enemies at once or setting fire to the enviroment.
Drone Operator
Support soldier equipped with a long range weapon and capable of calling in a variety of drones for support.
Radioman
While all soldiers carry radios, this unit's main role is to call in reinforcements and pinpoint targets for artillery, orbital, and close air support.
Field Commander
A command officer capable of mantaining morale in the field, marking priority targets for focused fire, and providing buffs to all troops on the battlefield.
Titanium Knight
Human clad in power armor, essentially granting them superhuman abilities and resilience.  A parallel development of the Iron Warrior project resulted in this hollowed out wearable exoskeleton, vastly superior to standard Exo Armor.
Militia
Armed citizens, defending their territory or taking the law in their own hands.
Rebel Soldier
Trained militia, capable of operating weapons effectively and putting up a fight.
Rebel Infiltrator
Capable to infiltrate areas and groups alike, rebel infiltrators are one of the most important tools a resistance has at its disposal.
Rebel Operative
Capable of infiltration and combat, these experienced and dangerous soldiers are not be trifled with.
Rebel Drone Controller
Amateur drone specialist capable of temporarily hijacking drones and deploying DIY crude drone platforms.
Rebel Saboteur
Trained operatives capable of taking down infrastructure and valuable assets with targeted attacks.
Rebel Commander
Gifted with a tactical mind, these individuals lead the Resistance efforts and their operations.
Mech 5m Cargo
TODO, but it's a mech coming for you.
Mech 5m Warrior
Mech 5m Artillery
Mech 12m Warrior
Mech 14m Hunter
Mech 17m Cargo
Mech 24m Warrior
Mech 50m Shell
Mech 50m Warrior
Mech 50m Destroyer
Fighter Jet
TODO, but it's a plane coming for you.
Supersonic Fighter Jet
Bomber
Hovercrawler
TODO, but it's a tank coming for you.
Hovertiger
Hovershark
Hovertillary
Reaper
Iron Warrior
Humanity's response to the threat of Predators, these elite killer robots are capable to match our line soldiers in every single way.
Hunter
A robot-killer robot, Hunters are fast and deadly units custom built to tackle the growing robotic threat in the city.
Iron Terror
Stronger, faster, and more resilient than any unit ever fielded, this evolution on the Iron Warrior design is superior to our own troops and it is what happens when humans take the robot threat seriously.
Boxing Bot
A playful name based on its boxy appearance, these special hidden human-made robots are inspired by our own Haulers. They're weaker and less resilient than ours, but more numerous.
Mall Guard
Token resistance.
Security Guard
Guards capable of basic combat, but not as useful in a firefight.
Police Officer
Professional police officers, tasked with keeping crime in check.
Bodyguard
Experienced guard, often employed to defend valuable assets (including individuals).
Elite Bodyguard
Former paramilitary soldiers, working in the private sector as guard for those with money, power, or both.
Nanoswarm
A swarm of nanobots. Deadly, regenerative, and almost invisible, but not as resilient as proper robots. Great for infiltration, stealth, or certain kinds of sabotage.
Predator
Heavily-plated robotic warrior. Relentless and incredibly strong, but not exactly stealthy. A single non-upgraded, unarmed Predator is the equal of ten human commandos.
Keanu
Fast, flexible, and brutal robotic warrior. Unable to tank hits like a Predator, instead putting a premium on moving so skillfully it doesn't get hit at all.
Leech
Able to hover via miniature anti-gravity pads. About the size of a small bird, this bot is deeply unsettling to humans as well as highly skilled at taking control of enemy bots and vehicles.
Cyborg
Robotic interior with a living tissue exterior. May be good at infiltration, depending on how realistic the tissues, programming, and other features are; or may just unsettle humans by existing in the uncanny valley.
Liquid Metal Predator
Advanced variant of the Predator. Cannot be upgraded with as much intelligence, but the liquid metal allows for shapeshifting as well as even better self-repair.
Seeker
This state-of-the-art and heavily-plated version of a Predator is the supreme hunter; nothing stands in the way of it and its prey.  While they can be used in combat, doing so is a waste of resources; these are much better for dispatch misions.
Electrode
This state-of-the-art Predator variant is electrified and can damage unprotected enemies simply by coming near them.
Carver
An advanced variant of the Keanu, Carvers add psyops to their arsenal to terrorize organic targets.
Wakizashi
An advanced variant of the Keanu, Wakizashi are specialists meant to accompany other units.  They prioritize exploiting minute distractions and openings created by their fellows to deal extra damage.
An advanced variant of the Keanu, Snipers are specialists use their speed and agility to climb buildings and move from perch to perch.  They have incredible range and deal high damage with their specialized weapons.
Scattercrawler
A very advanced variant of the Keanu, Scattercrawlers are martial arts experts that with teleportation capabilities.
Doomsayer
These eerie cyborgs are programmed to identify humans susceptible to suggestion, feeding their fears with the foretelling of doom. What they lack in combat skills they make up for in psyops.
Cyborg Commander
These advanced cyborgs are not only incredibly realistic, they are also massively charismatic.  They are very competent warriors, but also capable of inspiring humans to follow them almost anywhere.
Cyborg Scientist
These advanced cyborgs are not only highly realistic, they are also incredibly smart.  They are not combat-ready, but are immediately ready to blend into a crowd of scientists, doctors, or other high professionals.
Suitcase Robot
Very small specialist robot that can tranform into and out of a suitcase format.  Whips high-tension cables around during combat, with horrifying results.
Protector
These transforming mechs incorporate liquid metal technology and make ideal bodyguards for those deemed worthy of such protection.
Distractor
Distractors are small, flying platforms that are designed to draw attention to themselves while they engage in mischief.
Microbot
Significantly larger than a nanobot, microbots excel at infiltrating the bloodstream of various lifeforms and modifying their hosts for their benefit or detriment.
Raven
These flying humanoid mechs specialize in hacking and psyops, capable of targeting the biological faculties of perception and distorting them.
Nature Minder
These conspicuous but peaceful machines cultivate ecosystems and are largely ignored by humans altogether.
Pyroid
Humanoid robot standing three meters in height, throwing flames out at will as well as covering itself in flames for psychological effect.
Ghostrunner
Support unit that looks from a distance like a human in full body armor.  Expert hacking unit with secondary combat capabilities that are only employed in the event that stealth fails.
Tinker
These small non-combat robots can be rented out to perform repairs or manual labor, or they can be directly deployed to do the same.
Laser Printer
An animated office printer that is upgraded to fire lasers and chase down humans.
Laser Copier
An animated office copier that is upgraded to fire lasers and chase down humans.
Standard Drop Pod
Single-use armored rocket capsule, used to deliver a combat unit into combat quickly and with prejudice.
Breaching Drop Pod
Reinforced frame equipped with hard hitting laser drill tip allows this drop pod to reach basements and highly protected areas.
Explosive Drop Pod
Explosive charges on the outside of the drop pod explode upon arrival, creating an airburst effect which eliminates hostiles with maximum prejudice.
EMP Drop Pod
EMP-coils on the drop pod trigger on impact, shortening all non-reinforced electronics in the area.
Stormpod Stun Drop Pod
Shock and Awe, stuns hostiles on impact (besides the ones that are killed/stunned by being under the drop pod, of course).
Atomic Drop Pod
A tiny amount of radioctive material is stored within the drop pod's outer shell and released on impact. Extremely deadly to organics.
Standard Transport
Basic automated transport, capable of carrying several troops into battle relatively undetected. Unable to avoid active scans or dodge heavy anti-aircraft fire.
Stealth Transport
Equipped with ECM jamming tech and stealth coating, this transport can carry a medium number of units into combat fully undetected. Bypasses early warning systems and alarms, but can still be targeted by anti-aricraft flak batteries when flying near highly defended areas.
Support Transport
A heavily armored version of the standard transport, capable of carrying fewer troops but equipped with a full array of support equipment such as nanobot dispensers, jamming tech, fire support circuits, and scanners.
Assault Gunship
Heavily armored and armed transport gunship, equipped with crowd-clearing weaponry. Capable of softening defenses before deploying troops into battle, and provide subsequent fire support.
Stealth Gunship
This special version of the gunship exchanges troop capacity for extra weapons and anti-detection measures, allowing it to reach targets undetected and take them out.
Hauler
Ungainly able to fold up to look like any other cargo. The fact that it looks so unrelated to the Predators and other scarier robots in your arsenal means people often look right past it.  Slow but strong, the hauler is great for hauling things -- or making a surprise smash. Without armor it can't take much punishment, as it's definitely not a combat bot.
Shambler
Our own interpretation of those 'mechs' the humans like to make. Standing about three meters tall, it's too large to go into most buildings, but too small to smash through most of them. Specializes in withstanding large amounts of enemy fire while firing heavy rounds that take out enemy vehicles or disable larger enemy mechs.
Rocket Sled
A downsized hovertank design fitted with rockets to allow it to boost into battle unaided.  Once at the battlefield it can only hover, but its rocket boost makes for much more flexible deployment options.
Strider
Taller and faster cousin to the Shambler. Not quite as much of a brick on legs, but better suited for close combat with human mechs.
Blight
This small mech is barely larger the Shambler technolgy it is based on, but it trades a lot of the armor-piercing capabilities for extreme speed and the ability to dominate close-quarters combat.
Tanker
A larger and boxier version of the hauler, this one is meant for the open road. Using treads or legs as the situation requires, they can carry unheard-of loads, making them attractive to human customers. Unfortunately for the humans, these can also be transformed into killing machines.
Valkyrie
This large flying mech inspires hope in the masses and focuses on large area-of-effect attacks.
Harbinger
This ominous large flying mech inspires fear in all who see it, using psychological warfare as well as thick armor to just keep advancing no matter the odds.
Colossus
This large mech is heavy and slow, but able to both take and deal out massive damage.
Voltwalker
This massive mech requires extra electric power from the surrounding environment.  The more power it can draw from the local district, the more powerful it is.
Artillery Mech
This large mech is slow, but fires very long-range explosive artillery shells with high accuracy.
