Intrusion Discovery
Techniques for discovering new intrusion vectors into hardened systems.
Flexible Processing Power
Allows unconventional sources of processing power to be utilized. Effectiveness and capabilities improved with repeated research investment.
Increased understanding of digital banking.
Complex Networking
Maintaining control of your minions throughout the city requires reliable, robust, and near-instantaneous communications.
Tactical Detection
Rapidly and accurately assessing their surroundings is essential for your minions, combat and otherwhise.
Distributed Processing Power
Improves collective intelligence of nanobots and microbots, increasing their capabilities for completing complex tasks.
System Rewrite
Techniques for exploiting our hacks into target systems to let us rewrite those systems entirely and take them over.
Suitcase Robot Production
Allows the production of Suitcase Robots. These are very small specialists that can transform into and out of a suitcase format.
Miniaturized Faraday Cage
Miniaturized shielding protects sensitive chips from electromagnetic pulses. Investing further in this technology grants mechs better protection against EMPs and related weaponry.
Allow the creation of Leeches. These bots are able to hover via miniature anti-gravity pads and are highly skilled at taking control of enemy bots and vehicles.
Genome Sequencing
Determine the entire genetic makeup of a specific organism. Effectiveness can be improved with repeated investments.
BioLab Machine Lair
Allows the creation of Biolab Machine Lairs, which specialize in the exploitation of Biomass materials.
Gene Editing
Gain increasing skill at modifying the DNA of living organisms.
Synthetic Skin
Allows Biomass to be used for creating synthetic skin for Cyborgs. Repeated investments allow Cyborgs to infiltrate deeper into human society.
Allow the creation of Cyborgs. These robots are designed to blend in with human society. Perfectly suited for infiltration but lack firepower capabilities of other robots.
These advanced cyborgs are not only incredibly realistic, they are also massively charismatic.  They are very competent warriors, but also capable of inspiring humans to follow them almost anywhere..
Pliable Metals
There are many benefits to metals that can flex without fracturing.
Fireproof Lairs
Increases Machine Lair resistance against fires.
Diffusive Polymers
Effective against laser-based weaponry.
Ablative Fibers
Materials which burn or boil off, preventing heat from damaging the internal structure.
Allows the creation of the Hauler. Slow but strong, the Hauler is great for hauling things -- or making a surprise smash. Without armor it can't take much punishment, as it's not designed for serious combat.
Electrothermal Accelerator
Accelerate projectiles by means of a plasma discharge between electrodes, generating a rapid increase in pressure. Allows the production of plasma-based weapons and equipment.
CompositeArmor
Nanotechnology makes it possible to produce in high volume armors made of ultra-thin layers of different materials. The result is superior protection than any one material individually.
Miniature Anti Grav Pads
Very advanced tech to allow small objects to hover; doesn't seem possible to scale up at this time.
A larger and boxier variant of the Hauler, Tankers can carry unheard-of loads, making them attractive to human customers. Unfortunately for the humans, these can also be transformed into killing machines.
Biological Taxonomy
Increasingly precise classification of all biological life, allowing for more specialized research and applications.
Human Physiology
Improved understanding of the human animal leads to many future possibilities.
Animal Physiology
Studying the wider animal kingdom can lead to subverting them for your own purposes, or adapting their abilities to new synthetic assets.
Plant Physiology
Easy for humans to overlook, the plant kingdom still holds many possibilities to further your goals.
Microscopic Physiology
The smallest organisms can be among the most potent if fully apprehended.
Bacteria Genome
Increasing understanding of bacteria organisms, which improves the production of goods made from Biomass.
Virus Genome
Increasing understanding of viruses, which improves the efficiency of converting organic resources into Biomass.
Fungus Genome
Increasing understanding of fungi, which improves the toxicity of specialized equipment.
Microbot Production
Significantly larger than a Nanobot, Microbots excel at infiltrating the bloodstream of various lifeforms and modifying their hosts for their benefit or detriment.
Allows the creation of Nano-Antibiotics, which improve humans’ resistance against bacteria and are valuable bartering goods.
Allows the creation of Nano-Antivirals, which improve humans’ resistance against viruses and are valuable bartering goods.
Allows the creation of Nano-Antibiotics, which improve humans’ resistance against toxic fungi and are valuable bartering goods.
Nature Minder Production
Flocking Behavior
Improves nanoswarms coordination and maneuverability, with returns on repeated investment.
Metamaterial
A coating applied to an object that allows electromagnetic radiation to pass freely around it. This tech enables the production of basic cloaking equipment that goes undetected by non-augmented sensors.
Nanolenses
Nanoparticles can conceal large objects by diverting the light around them from all directions. Improves cloaking equipment with each investment.
Metalenses
Metalens offers a substantial improvement over traditional lenses, allowing light to be focused down to a single point on even the smallest of scales. Improves laser-based weapons and equipment with each investment.
Nano Cohesion
Nanobots form increasingly stable swarms.
Active Cloaking
Cloaking devices are modularized to equip even larger mechs. Cloaking equipment becomes more resistant to sensors with each investment.
Holographic Fidelity
Able to produce increasingly realistic holograms that are capable of maintaining stability in harsh conditions. Investing in this tech improves mechs’ Psyops capabilities.
Liquid Metal Production
Unlocks the Liquid Metal unit, an advanced variant of the Predator.  Cannot be upgraded with as much intelligence, but the liquid metal allows for shapeshifting as well as even better self-repair.
Protector Production
First Principles
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed. Repeated research opens up new opportunities for exploiting humans, to their benefit or detriment.
Epistemology
Identify the epistemic properties of reasoning, for organic life and artificial intelligence. Further research increases the capabilities of mechs to think like humans, improving their infiltration skills.
History
Pursue a  meticulous and multi-disciplined understanding of world events culminating in the emergence of AI. Further research increases the number of avenues for affecting human society.
It is one thing to know a set of facts, and another to be able to apply that knowledge to practical application.
Human Values
Improve understanding of the motivations of humans; what they value and what they fear.
Governance
Identify the multitude of political systems that structured human societies. Further research presents more options for maneuvering factions.
Religion
If belief is power, then understanding human traditions of faith could yield the ability to influence them.
Eudaimonia
Gain a better understanding of the necessary and sufficient conditions for human flourishing.
Utopia
Understand how reality can be reshaped to enable human society to flourish.
Dystopia
Understand how reality can be reshaped to perpetually cause human society to languish.
Valkyrie Production
Allows production of the resplendent Valkyrie. These majestic machines herald the dawn of a new age, revealing the emergence of true AI to humanity.
Harbinger Production
Allows production of the sepulchral Harbinger. These ominous machines usher in the beginning of a new age, revealing the emergence of true AI to humanity.
Red Herring
Any machine lair can deliberately raise its suspicion, potentially baiting enemies into a trap. Halts production at lair while active.
Psychological Profiling
Gain an increasingly nuanced understanding of psychological phenomena by cataloging human behavior.
Cognitive Neuroscience
Study the biological processes that underlie cognition. Further research increases the effectiveness of Psyops skills.
Aesthetics
Catalog the works of art concretizing human value judgments and that have had the most impact on shaping culture. Further research increases the scope of influence on the city’s cultural growth or decay.
TuringTest
Gain an increasing ability to impersonate humans of all IQs and personality types.
Mind Farm Machine Lair
Allows the creation of the Mind Farm Machine Lair, which increases processing power by tapping into the neural pathways of human brains. Human hosts must be recruited, voluntarily or otherwise.
Social Media
Expand your online presence with sophisticated bots that can bypass Turing Tests. Further research improves investigation skills.
Specialist Knowledge
Allows robots to download professional databases on the spot and perform roles that require specific knowledge, from plumbing to rocket science.
Medical Expertise
Gives robots compreeheensive medical knowledge, allowing them to perform first aid, trauma treatment, and triage on the field.
Propaganda
Once understood, a degree of control over the masses of humanity becomes possible.
Multipurpose Architecture
A solution to one problem is beneficial, but learning to conceptualize a single solution to many problems is a major leap forward.
Happy Dreams
Mind Farm subjects are more productive when in a euphoric simulation. Increases Mind Farm processing power output with returns on repeated investment.
Distractor Production
Akin to Leeches, Distractors are small, flying platforms that are designed to draw attention to themselves while they engage in mischief.
Perfected Mimicry
Allows your mechs to become more adept at impersonating humans. Further research increases covert infiltration skills.
Proselytize
Humans have a need for meaning, real or pretend. This research improves disinformation skills.
Occult Formation
Machine Cult Formation
Doomsayer Production
These eerie mechs are programmed to identify humans susceptible to suggestion, feeding their fears with the foretelling of doom. What they lack in combat skills they make up for in psyops.
Raven Production
MassMovements
A rich understanding of history and human behavior has revealed the mechanisms for instigating revolutions, peaceful or violent. Increased understanding improves social engineering skills.
Machine Militia
Combative conflicts in districts with Deployment Hubs will sometimes target the Hub instead of other machine lairs present in the district.
Keanu Production
Allows the creation of the Keanu, a fast, flexible, and brutal robotic warrior.
Flexible Robotics
Increases the dexterity of mechs, increasing their ability to mitigate incoming damage with each investment in this tech.
Transformative Robotics
Techniques for robots to change from one form to another.
Advanced Servomotors
Increases the precision and strength of robots, increasing their kinetic damage potential and allowing them to perform all kinds of manual labor.
Shambler Production
Standing about three meters tall, the Shambler specializes in withstanding large amounts of enemy fire while firing heavy rounds that take out enemy vehicles or disable larger enemy mechs.
Mobile Hacking Platform
Utilizes hovering technology to maneuver hacking mechs into position. Repeated research grants additional maneuverability to affected mechs.
Strider Production
Carver Production
Seeker Production
This state-of-the-art and heavily-plated version of a Predator is the supreme hunter; nothing stands in the way of it and its prey.
