Lend Labor
Lend the strength of your robots to the physical labor needs of the target.
Technical Expertise
Lend the technical experience of your advanced robots to helping the target solve an issue.
Rescue
The target needs help; grab them and get out of there.
Heal
Repair something broken, or heal a person or animal.
Intercede
Mediate a dispute, do psychotherapy if you know it, or similar.
Overwhelming Force
Use overwhelming violence to rapidly attack the enemy with maximum prejudice, with a high probability of collateral damage.
Surgical Strike
Use skillfully-applied violence to rapidly and precisely attack the enemy, with no collateral damage.
Transport Strike
Hit the target with an immediate attack from the nearby transport, and then allow for a further attack by other units while it is on cooldown.
Physical Shield
Have your robots shield the target with anything, up to and including themselves, while returning fire as much as possible.
Electronic Countermeasures
If a cyberattack is being launched against the target, defend them from the attack.
Nanoshield
Deploys a limited regeneration nanoshield around the target, shielding it from harm up to a certain point.
Escort
Go somewhere with the target, doing something to help them as you do.
Harass And Distract
Stop a mobile enemy from moving or draw a guard enemy away from their post, and keep their attention on you.
Infiltrate As Human
Attempt to pass robots as humans and have them infiltrate a target.
Microscopic Infiltration
Use nanotech or microbots to hide on or amidst the targets.
Cloaked Infiltration
Use active cloaking technology to render robots invisible and hide amidst the targets.
Disguise Self
Use transformation technology or other disguises to look like a natural part of the environment and hide amidst the targets.
Sneak
Infilitrate by staying out of sight, hiding in the shadows or in containers, and other forms of sneaking behaviour.
Physically Intimidate
Using appearance and demeanor, scare the living daylights out of a target.
Blackmail
Using private information about the target, socially threaten the target.
Bluff
Uses guile and lies to intimidate target.
Destroy Equipment
Break target equipment so that it no longer functions.
Demolish Environment
Absolutely trash the target environmnet, whether that's a building interior or somewhere outside.
Hack System
Hacks into a system, disrupting its usual operations.
Sabotage Production Line
Adds flaws to a production line, opening security breaches and creating opportunities for exploitation of the final product.
Hire Law Defense
Hire a law firm to defend the target.
File Lawsuit
Hire a law firm to impede the target.
Hire Bodyguards
Hire a paramilitary contractor to guard the target.
Hire Assassins
Hire a paramilitary contractor to attack the target.
Hire Investigator
Hire a private investigator to learn more about the target.
Hire Doctors
Hire a group of physicians to aid the target.
Hire Scientists
Hire a scientists to help solve a problem of the target.
Bribes the units, convincing them to disband or leave the location.
Steal Credits
We have plenty of credits as it is, but stealing credits may hurt the target more than it helps us.
Steal Materials
Steal materials from the target, limited by what our robots can carry with them.
Capture Machine
Using specialized hacking abilities, convert machines around the target to work for us -- and arm them if they are not already.
Steal Key Item
Steal a key item from the target, related to the encounter.
Steal Intel
Steal general intel from the target.
Kidnap
We wish to acquire the target.  Grab them against their will, and take them to a safe location.
