Airport (Large)
The largest airport in the city.
Airport (Small)
Smaller airport in the city.
Lots of communications equipment for talking across the planet, and to near and deep space.
Cryopolis
Large complex focused on the cryogeneic freezing and storage of citizens.  Plenty of other nanotech and secondary activities also happening here.
Cryopolis (Mini)
Small complex focused on the cryogeneic freezing and storage of citizens, plus other sciences.
Deep Space Radio Telescope
Massive radio telescope is its own district.  Focused on deep-space scientific imaging, as well as housing other scientific facilities.
One of the main farms providing food for the city.
Farm (Mini)
Smaller farm tucked away in the city.
Mining (Helium)
Mining focused in particular on helium.
Mining (Natural Gas)
Mining focused in particular on natural gas.
Mining (Oil)
Mining focused in particular on oil.
Mining (Oil - Mini)
Very small mining operation focused on oil.
Mining (And Science)
Mining and science facility.
Military Base (Large)
Massive military installation.  There are only a few of these in the city, and they are each a district unto themselves.
Military Base (Normal)
Midsize military installation.  There are only but so many of these in the city, and they add power and threat to the districts they are a part of.
Military Base (Mini)
Very small military installation.  Extra muscle and enforcement in the district it is a part of.
Massive military installation built around the resident nuclear warhead launch silos.  There are only a few of these in the city, and they are each a district unto themselves.
Park (Large)
Large recreational and nature area.
Power - Nuclear (Large)
Large nuclear plant providing large amounts of power to the city.  High security, and a district unto itself.
Power - Nuclear (Small)
Small nuclear power installation.  Provides power to its district, still at a large yield, but with much lower security.
Power - Thermal
Small themal power generator.  Provides power to its district.
Power - Wind
Small wind farm.  Provides power to its district.
Power - Solar
Small solar farm.  Provides power to its district.
The singular massive spaceport of the city, which is the only way The MegaCorp or anyone else in this city has for getting people and goods to and from space.
Major hub for gambling.
Major hub for computer processing.
Direct line to the space nations.
Hotbed of cultists.
Rare production facility of mechs.
Country Club
Hub for spying on the wealthy.
