BattleMode
Add To Selection
Hold key to add newly clicked or dragged units to your selection.
Remove From Selection
Hold key to remove newly clicked or dragged units from your existing selection.
Queue Squad Action
Hold key to queue orders instead of replacing the existing orders.
Show All Squad Ranges
Hold key to draw the range of all squads.
Critical
Show Detailed Tooltips
Hold this key down to make tooltips more detailed.
Hold For Machine Vision
Hold this key down to see things that may normally be hidden from view.  Useful for investigating an area, instead of having massive icon clutter all the time.
Pause
Toggle the game between running and paused states.
Pause (Alt)
Increase Sim Speed
Increase the speed of the simulation so that things happen faster.
Decrease Sim Speed
Decrease the speed of the simulation back to normal (cannot go below the default without pausing).
Change By 5
Hold key when clicking construction buttons to increase/decrease by 5 instead of 1.  Combine with the 'by 10' key to increase by 50.
Change By 10
Hold key when clicking construction buttons to increase/decrease by 10 instead of 1.  Combine with the 'by 5' key to increase by 50.
Movement
Speed Up
Make all movement faster.  Holding this and 'Slow Down' at the same time activates turbo, which is the fastest.
Slow Down
Make all movement slower.  Holding this and 'Speed Up' at the same time activates turbo, which is the fastest.
Move Left
Move left.
Move Left (Alt)
Move Right
Move right.
Move Right (Alt)
Move Forward
Move forward.
Move Forward (Alt)
Move Backward
Move backward.
Move Backward (Alt)
Move Higher
Move higher.
Move Higher (Alt)
Move Lower
Move Lower (Alt)
Move lower.
MainCamera
Camera 'Rotate Tilt' Mode
While holding this button down, mouse movements rotate and tilt the camera view.  Not allowed in battle mode.
Camera 'Rotate Tilt' Mode (Alt)
Camera Zoom In/Out (Mouse)
Zoom the camera in and out with the mouse wheel.
PhotoModeCamera
Photo Mode Toggle
Enter or exit photo mode.
Photo Mode Toggle (Alt)
Hold For Manual Focus
Hold down and move the mouse to manually focus the camera.
Toggle Guides
Toggle the visual photo mode guides on or off.
Cycle Through Grid Styles
Cycle through the visual focus mode grid styles.
Toggle Overlay Visibility
Toggle the photo mode overlay on or off.
Camera Speed Up
Make all camera movements faster.
Camera Slow Down
Make all phcamera movements slower.
Camera Left
Pan the camera left.
Camera Left (Alt)
Camera Right
Pan the camera right.
Camera Right (Alt)
Camera Forward
Pan the camera forward.
Camera Forward (Alt)
Camera Backward
Pan the camera backward.
Camera Backward (Alt)
Camera Up
Pan the camera upwards.
Camera Down
Pan the camera downwards.
Photo Mode Exit
Open the settings for photo mode.
UIShortcuts
Inventory
Toggle the in-game inventory.
Toggle build mode (to construct machine lairs).
Battle Mode
Toggle battle mode (to plan or oversee battles).
Army Design
Toggle the army design window (to construct what kind of standing army you wish to have available).
NeuroNet Policies
Toggle the NeuroNet policy window (to chose what kind of NeuroNet service you wish to run).
Tech Trees
Toggle the menu of tech trees.
Investments
This button toggles a list of all active investments that you are currently involved in.
Save Game
Open the save game dialog.
Show Performance Stats
Show the performance stats window.
Open System Menu
This button opens the menu from which you can edit your settings, quit, etc.  It also acts as a cancel button on a lot of screens.
Hidden
Enter Key
Determines which key functions as the Enter/Return key in the menus.
Tab
This button shifts the focus to the next textbox when there are multiple textboxes visible.
Shift Tab
This button shifts the focus to the previous textbox when there are multiple textboxes visible.
Debug
Reload Select Xml Data
Reload certain parts of the xml, mostly for some debug views.
Cycle All Visible Machine Lair Styles
Cycle through all the specific machine lair styles on each building, to make assigning them easier.
Dump All Data
This does a full memory dump of the game to disk, useful for hunting memory leaks.
This does a full abort of all threads, for purposes of finding deadlocks or similar.
