Sewage
How much sewage is overflowing into this building
Sewage Processing For Sale
Sewage that can be processed on behalf of other factions.
Purchased Sewage Processing
Sewage that can be canceled out at our own faction.
Fire Hazard
All the dangerous things that can set a building on fire. Oily Rags? Failure to keep things up to code?
Minor healthcare; good for minor diseases
Healthcare provided by hospitals; good for major diseases.
Gold Circuits
Better than copper wires, but exponentially more expensive. Used in high-tech electronics.
Platinum Plating
Precious white metal, used in high-tech electronics.
Computer
Processors, RAM, motherboard, and everything that you need to have a bona-fide computer. Can be used standalone, or modified to go into vehicles and robots.
Battery
Used in everything from mobile phones to planes, batteries are an essential part of modern life (as is charging them).
PowerCell
Bigger and more powerful than batteries, power cells allow mechs, robots, and vehicles to operate for a long time with recharging.
Portable Power Generator
Portable device, capable of providing considerable amounts of energy for a considerable amount of time.
NavComputer
Specialized device capable of pinpointing coordinates, charting paths, and even perform astronavigation. Planes and drones need them, cars like them, mechs can use them.
Radar Module
Radar device, capable of pinging areas and identifying targets.
Comms Module
Used to communicate with other devices, be they cell towers, satellites, or radios.
AutoPilot Module
Autonomous control has gone leaps and bounds since the early days of assisted navigation, and vehicles and drones are capable of fully navigating enviroments when equipped with this module.
Sensor Suite Module
Scanners, LIDARs, thermals, and many other detector sensors are packed in this scouting module.
Electronic Counter-Measures Module
While most of stealth is down to materials and shapes, there are several electronic tricks to avoid sensors. This module packs all of them.
GravThrusters
Wheels still have value, but few things beat the practicality of a hover/flight thruster.
Building Construction Permit
There's nothing worse than bureaucracy, unless you're a bureaucraut.
Building Renovation Permit
Building Demolition Permit
Commerce Operation Permit
Pilot License
Firearm License
Travel Papers
ID Card
Driving License
Nitrogen
Nitrogen is important to the chemical industry. It is used to make fertilisers, nitric acid, nylon, dyes and explosives.
Phosphorous
Phosphorus is an element essential to sustaining life. It is used to make fertilisers, food additives, explosives, and is also an important component in steel production.
Potassium
Potassium is an essential mineral essential to sustaining life. It is versatile chemical and is used to make fertilisers, medicine, and soaps.
Chlorine
Chlorine is a yellow-green gas at room temperature, used in sanitation and production of hydrochloric acid.
Oxygen
Oxygen is a colourless, odourless, tasteless gas essential to living organisms.
Xylene
Xylene is a colorless, flammable, slightly greasy liquid of great industrial value.
Nitric Acid
Nitric acid is the inorganic compound with the formula HNO₃. It is a highly corrosive mineral acid.
Hydrochloric Acid
Hydrochloric acid is a highly corrosive, strong acid, and can be a clear/colorless or light yellow liquid.
Sulfuric Acid
Sulfuric acid is a highly corrosive strong mineral acid and is a colorless to slightly yellow viscous liquid.
Lye
Lye is highly soluble in water producing caustic basic solutions and a primary ingredient in soaps.
Soap
Soap cleans and sanitizes.
Fertilizer
Any material of natural or synthetic origin that is applied to soil or to plant tissues to supply plant nutrients.
Pesticide
A variety of substances used to kill, repel, or control pests.
Industrial Acids
Industrial scale acids, stored separately, for manufacturing and scientific experimentation.
Cotton Clothes
Assorted clothes made from cotton.
Polyester Clothes
Assorted clothes made from polyester.
Mixed Clothes
Assorted clothes made from cotton and polyester.
Bank Loan
Banking loans and interest payments.
Working at the carwash, yeah.
Gambling
The House always wins.
Movie Production
Movies are expensive to make, even the bad ones.
Movie ticket
Parking Pass
Parking pass for paid parking.
Motel Reservation
Motel room reservation. Cheap, but cleanliness is questionable.
Hotel Reservation
Hotel room reservation. Luxurious and exclusive.
Admission Ticket
Admission ticket for smaller venues.
Admission ticket for larger venues.
Seeds
Seed stock for fruits and vegetables.
Fruit and vegetables straight from the farm.
Packaged Produce
Fruit and vegetables packaged for indefinite storage.
Delicious Produce
Hydroponically grown fruits and vegetables only the affluent can afford.
Fresh Meat
Fresh meat straight from the farm.
Canned Meat
Meat in a can, good indefinitely.
Meat Patty
Meat for a burger.  Try not to think about how many preservatives must be in there.
Wheat for turning into bread.
Milk. Usually from a cow.
Bread
Poor quality bread for a variety of uses.
Burger
Meat burger. Try not to think about how many preservatives must be in there.
Donut
Donut. Lots of sugar.
Veggie Bagel Sandwich
Healthier than a burger, but still have to wonder about those ingredients.
Meat Byproducts
Meat byproducts.  Gross.
Animal Feed
Low-value crops used foor feeding farm animals.
Groceries
Miscellaneous groceries.
Specialty Groceries
Miscellaneous groceries for the affulent.
Icecream
Icecream. Tasty treat.
Potable Water
It's meant to be drinkable, but its cleanliness is debatable.
Pure Water
The good stuff for the upper classes.
Alcoholic Drinks
Can be beer, can be wine, can be scotch, can be rum. Whatever it is, humans tend to drink it.
Soft Drinks
Can be soda, can be sparkling water, can be lemonade, can be ice tea. Whatever it is, humans tend to drink it.
Aluminium
Less dense than most metals yet very resilient, Aluminium has been essential to transportation, engineering, and construction since the dawn of the XX century.
Copper
Important since the Bronze Age, this soft, malleable, and thermal-electric conducive metal is used on everything from coins and wires to armor and rockets.
Gold
Precious yellow metal, humanity's weakeness to it has been the source of many problems.
Iron
Abundant, hard, and brittle. One of the source components of steel, but just as useful on its own.
Lead
Extremely dense and toxic metal, capable of blocking most forms of radiation.
Platinum
Precious white metal, heavy yet pliable.
Silver
Precious grey metal, and gold's partner-in-crime since time immemorial.
Titanium
Stronger than steel yet lighter than most metals, Titanium is an essential component in aerospace, military, and industrial fields.
Aluminium Ingot
Bronze Ingot
A mix of copper and tin, bronze allowed humanity to rise from the stone age tools to build civilization.
Copper Ingot
Copper Wire
Most eletric wires are made of copper, thanks to its cheapness and efficiency.
Gold Ingot
Iron Ingot
Lead Ingot
Platinum Ingot
Silver Ingot
Steel Ingot
Strong, plentiful, and cheap. Used in almost everything.
Titanium Ingot
Aluminium Frame
Cast Iron
Extremely dense material, used for building foundations, pillars, and extremely heavy cooking pans.
Steel Girder
Steel girders plus concrete make up 90% of a building.
Titanium Frame
Limestone
This white porous mineral is found in many forms, from bricks and concrete to toothpaste and explosives.
Sulfur
Pure sulfur is a brittle solid that is pale yellow in colour, used for making car batteries, fertilizer, oil refining, water processing, and mineral extraction.
Concrete Bag
Cheap and plentiful, the base of most buildings.
Tarmac
Used to pave roads, runways, and any other surface that vehicles need to be smooth.
Uranium
Highly radioactive material, can be separated into Enriched Uranium used in nuclear power plants and nuclear weapons, and Depleted Uranium used in ammunition, armor, and shielding.
NuclearWaste
Extremely radioactive spent fuel, the exhausted form of enriched uranium after being used in nuclear power plants. Must be disposed properly lest it contaminates the enviroment, but can be used as a weapon in the form of dirty bombs.
Petroleum
Made from decomposing organic matter crushed under unberable heat and pressure for eons, this dark and oily substance sparked a revolution on Earth and was often referred to as liquid gold.
Natural Gas
Created under the same conditions as petroleum, natural gas was overlooked for decades before being used as a source of energy.
Hydrogen Fuel
Made from hydrogen and oxygen and often used in rockets and aircraft.
Gasoline
Refined oil fuel, used on cars and generators.
Oil
Refined oil used in everything from robots and vehicles to gun and machinery lubrication. An engineer's best friend, second only to silver tape.
Medication
Raw cotton, grown naturally.
Polymers
Synthethic polymers are used on the creation of plastic and other materials, as well as recreating natural polymers like rubber, wool, and silk.
Plastics
Ubiquitous and multi-purpose, can be found in virtually every manufactured product in one way or another.
Rubber
Used to be a natural element, but now is synthetic.
Synthetic Wood
Cotton Fabric
Cotton fabric, made from naturally grown cotton.
Polyester Fabric
Synthetic fabric, made from petroleum.
Compact Car
Goes vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Hatchback
Compact car but taller, also goes vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Sedan
Compact car but longer, can be luxurious vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
SUV
Bigger vroom, often more expensive than other cars and a good fit for authorities or military forces. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Pickup Truck
Half car half truck, goes vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Van
Cargo-focused vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
MediumTruck
Big vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
HeavyTruck
Very big vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Private Plane
Goes vroom, in the air! Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Passenger Jetliner
Goes vroom, in the air, with a lot of people in it! Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Cargo Plane
Goes vroom, in the air, with a lot of cargo and almost no people. Nose sometimes pops up, which is cute. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Light Cargo Drone
Autonomous delivery drone, and the backbone of logistics here in Siberia. Can be used to airdrop robots in unexpected places.
Heavy Cargo Drone
Autonomous delivery drone, capable of carrying vastly heavier loads than standard models. Can be used to airdrop squads of robots or heavy mechs in unexpected places.
