Occult Foundation
Allows you to found an occult organization organized around yourself.
Machine Cult Foundation
Allows you to found an machine cult organized around yourself.
Cult Secrecy
Every organization values its privacy, but cults hold onto their secrets dearly.
Cult Notoriety
Cult Dedication
Cults are only as strong as their least dedicated. Weak links must be tempered or removed.
Cult Connections
Cults with followers in high places are far more formidable. Cult Leaders prioritize recruiting methods and placing their own in positions of power.
Cult Hierarchy
Cults do not survive without strong leadership. Effective cults develop clear hierarchies to distribute responsibility and authority.
Cult Esotericism
“Occult cults are products of their idealogy, no matter how incomprehensible it can be even to its followers. Truth is revealed only to the dedicated.
Cult Doctrine
“Machine cults are formed around a strict doctrine that most are unable to live up to. But those that can share an unshakeable bond.
Virus Mutation
Allows you to intentionally mutate existing viruses.  If the new strain is fitter than the old, it will become dominant.
Virus Invention
Allows you to intentionally invent and introduce new viruses into the city.
Fungal Mutation
Allows you to intentionally mutate existing fungal infections in the city.  If the new strain is fitter than the old, it will become dominant.
Bacteria Mutation
Allows you to intentionally mutate existing bacteria in the city.  If the new strain is fitter than the old, it will become dominant.
Parasite Mutation
Allows you to intentionally mutate existing microscopic parasites in the city.  Typically protozoa, helminths, or ectoparasites.  If the new strain is fitter than the old, it will become dominant.
Prion Invention
Allows you to intentionally invent and introduce new prion diseases into the city.  Prion diseases are always fatal, and are hard to spread.
Virus Vaccine Development
Allows you to invent vaccines for viruses, including viruses you introduced yourself.
Antiviral Development
Allows you to invent antivirals for treating viral infections.
Antifungal Development
Allows you to invent antifungal medicines for treating fungal infections.
Antibacterial Development
Allows you to invent antibacterial medicines for treating or preventing bacterial infections.
Antiprotozoa Development
Allows you to invent antiprotozoa medicines for treating or preventing parasitic protozoa infections.
Antihelminth Development
Allows you to invent antihelminth medicines for treating or preventing parasitic helminth (worms) infections.
Antiectoparasitic Development
Allows you to invent antiectoparasitic medicines for treating or preventing ectoparasitic infections (fleas, ticks, and other things that live on the surface).
Third Eye
Modified humans have developed a third eye that is exceptionally clear-sighted although off-putting.
Thick Skin
Modified humans have developed a thicker and more protective epidermis.
Longer Lifespans
Humans won’t notice this immediately, but they will benefit from longer lifespans due to genetic tinkering.
Fungus Manipulation
Allows adjustment of genetics in ways that will adjust their role in the ecosystem.
Fungus Special: Pollution Collection
Fungi are genetically enhanced to pull pollution from the air and concentrate them as heavy metals in their own cells.  Improves air pollution, but makes fungi deeply toxic.
Native Grasses Manipulation
Native Grasses Special: Antihistamines
Native grass has been modified to inhibit allergies, improving quality of life.
Native Shrubs Manipulation
Native Shrubs Special: Regenerative
Native shrubs have been modified to quickly regenerate biomass, providing sustenance to herbivores.
Cactus Manipulation
Cactus Special: Decorative Deterrent
Cactus have been modified to grow like ivy and are planted in areas to deter the unwanted.
Butterfly Manipulation
Butterfly Special: Medicine Incubators
Butterflies are able to incubate medicines of our choosing, and can be harvested to retrieve said medicines.
Cane Toad Manipulation
Cane Toad Special: Landmine
Cane toads are genetically enhanced to include plastic explosives and a detonator that we can control at will.
Deer Manipulation
Deer Special: Crime Watch
Deer are genetically enhanced to recognize human-on-human violence, and take rapid intervention when they see it happening.  Reduces petty crime.
Duck Manipulation
Duck Special: Fertilizer
Ducks are genetically enhanced so that their feces are highly beneficial fertilizers for land plants; however, this may cause algae blooms in water.
Fox Manipulation
Fox Special: Underminer
 Foxes are genetically enhanced in their burrowing abilities to navigate complex mazes with ease, making them ideal agents for infiltrating and sabotaging building foundations.
Pigeon Manipulation
Pigeon Special: Messenger
These behaviorally modified pigeons are exceptional messengers that recognize the nuances of human faces. They are highly valued by subversive groups.
Raccoon Manipulation
Raccoon Special: Trash Hoarders
Racoons are behaviorally altered to hoard trash at waste treatment centers, making districts much cleaner. 
Songbird Manipulation
Songbird Special: Siren's Song
Songbirds have amplified bird calls that soothe the mood of the district’s human populace.
Spider Manipulation
Spider Special: Giants
Spiders are genetically altered to range between the size of a large dog to a small car.
Giant Spider Special: Nanowebbing
Giant Spiders have been further augmented to produce incredibly tensile yet durable webbing, with boundless applications.
Giant Spider Special: Superior Security
Giant Spiders are conditioned to be the superior security system, significantly inhibiting break-ins.
Giant Spider Special: Menace
Giant Spiders are further augmented to highlight their terrifying features and pose an existential threat to humans.
Hippo Introduction
Allows introduction of hippos into the city.
Hippo Manipulation
Hippo Special: Ambush
Hippos are genetically enhanced so that with a chemical signal from us, they will fly into a rage. Very dangerous even to armored personnel.
Velociraptor Introduction
Allows introduction of velociraptors into the city.
Velociraptor Manipulation
Velociraptor Special: Training
These Velociraptors have been behaviorally altered to obey their human handlers and are trained for combat.
Velociraptor Special: Pack Tactics
These augmented velociraptors are highly coordinated predators, making the pack greater than the sum of its parts.
Wolf Introduction
Allows introduction of wolves into the city.
Wolf Manipulation
Wolf Special: Population Control
Wolves are augmented to select specific prey to manage population levels.
Wolf Special: Companion
Wolves are conditioned to crave human companionship, serving as loyal guard dogs.
Basic Eye Augments
Can construct augments which provide basic improvements to human eyesight, for sale or gifting.
Advanced Eye Augments
Can construct augments which provide advanced improvements to human eyesight, for sale or gifting.
Basic Leg Augments
Can construct augments which provide basic improvements to human legs, for sale or gifting.
Advanced Leg Augments
Can construct augments which provide advanced improvements to human legs, for sale or gifting.
Part mech, part farm equipment, Agrobots are of tremendous value to terraformed worlds.
NanoAntibiotic
NanoAntiviral
NanoAntiFungal
Biolab Machine Lair
Allows the building of Biolab Machine Lairs on certain building types, which specializes in research and development around organic life.
Chris note: consider removal.  Increases Machine Lair resistance against fires.
Soundproof Lairs
Chris note: consider removal.  Machine Lair activities generate less suspicion per investment.
RedHerring
Chris note: consider removal.  Active Ability: Any machine lair can deliberately raise its suspicion, potentially baiting enemies into a trap. Halts production at lair while active.
Harvester Drone Capabilities
Chris note: consider removal.  Improvements to the general flight and cargo capabilities of existing drones at our Harvester Machine Lairs.
Security Bypass
Chris note: consider removal.  Harvester Drones can bypass the security systems of protected buildings, expanding the effective range of Harvester Machine Lairs per investment.
HostageTaker
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows Harvester Drones to capture citizens for Mind Farms or ransom. Improves infiltration skill of harvester drones per investment.
Advanced Metallurgy
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows usage of advanced tools, including laser and plasma devices.
Recycling Techniques
Microparticle Recyclers
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows microbots to convert previously unbreakable items into usable materials.
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows Deployment Hub drones to increase the chances of fires starting in buildings around themselves.
Chris note: consider removal.  Combative conflicts in districts with Deployment Hubs will prefer to target the Hub instead of other machine lairs present in the district.
Chris note: consider removal.  Mind Farm subjects are more productive when in a euphoric simulation. Increases Mind Farm processing power output per investment.
Meat Vats
Allows Bio Labs to generate vat meat-grown resources automatically.
Allows Bio Labs to generate hydroponically grown resources automatically.
RedDeath
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows Biolabs to create Red Death pathogens, which can unleash a terrible plague on humans. The disease becomes more severe and contagious the more this tech is researched.
Enable Mood Alteration
Allows for creating a policy of dopamine injections into NeuroNet subjects to lower sim rejection.
Ungainly able to fold up to look like any other cargo. The fact that it looks so unrelated to the Predators and other scarier robots in your arsenal means people often look right past it.  Slow but strong, the hauler is great for hauling things -- or making a surprise smash.  Without armor it can't take much punishment, as it's definitely not a combat bot.
A larger and boxier version of the hauler, this one is meant for the open road.  Using treads or legs as the situation requires, they can carry unheard-of loads, making them attractive for human customers.  Unfortunately for the humans, these can also be transformed into killing machines.
These are very small specialists that can tranform into and out of a suitcase format.
Liquid Metal
An advanced variant of the Keanu, Carver’s add psyops to their arsenal to terrorize organic targets.
A very advanced variant of the Keanu, Scattercrawlers are martial arts experts that with teleportation capbilities.
This large flying mech inspires hope in the masses and focuses on large area-of-effect attacks
Basic Transport
Reinforced Frame
A better manufacturing process allows us to create versatile robotic chassis which are considerably stronger than usual.
CPU Shielding
Insulated shielding is nanowoven into the structures that house a unit's main processing core, making it more resilient versus electromagnetic damage.
Denser Armor
Reinforced armor provides better protection with no change in bulk. The weight would cripple a human being, but our robots can barely notice it.
BicameralMind
The creation of a separate, secured processing core allows our units to keep fighting even when hit with a debilitating EMP attack.
Regenerative Armor
Nanobots infused into armor plates provide limited repair capabilities on the field.
Polished Reflective Armor Plates
Lightweight armored mirror plates, capable of reflecting beam weapons and deflecting small caliber projectiles.
Capacitive Armor
Kinectic charging modular armor plates convert incoming damage into energy blasts.
Redundant Systems
A clever redesign of our units critical systems means they can keep operating after withstanding severe damage.
Nano Destruct
Allows nanoswarms to self destruct.
Predator Destruct
Allows predator-style robots to self destruct.
Predator Capture
Allows predator-style robots to capture enemy units as hostages.  They will automatically be sent to the mind farms.
Squad EMP Burst
Certain kinds of squad units will gain EMP Burst capabilities.
Vehicular EMP Burst
Certain kinds of vehicular units will gain EMP Burst capabilities.
Predator Intimidation
Allows predator-style robots to attempt intimidation against enemy units.
Intimidation Skill
All of our units that have the intimidate ability are able to do a better job of it.
Autocannon
30mm dual-barrel autocannon, capable of shredding most kinds of personal and light vehicular armor.
Laser Gatling
Replaces the Autocannon on all heavier units with high-potency laser gatlings.
PlasmaCannon
Replaces the Laser Gatling on all heavier units with large bore plasma cannons, capable of firing projectiles that burn hotter than the sun.
MissileRack
Laser Blades
Autotargeting Software
Specialized algorithms coupled with synchronized gymbals allow our units to accurately hit moving targets much further away.
