All of the units in the selected squads will cease firing unless they are fired upon.  When in a building and not under fire, this will lead them to be hidden from enemies outside.
Hunt Enemies At Will
All of the units in the selected squads roam at will, looking for enemies to fire upon.
Enter Building And Try To Reach Top Floor
All of the units in the selected squads will enter the building and try to reach as high a floor as they can, fighting resistance along the way.
Enter Building And Try To Reach Lowest Basement
All of the units in the selected squads will enter the building and try to reach as low a basement level as they can, fighting resistance along the way.
Self Destruct
All of the units in the selected squads self-destruct, dealing massive damage to enemies and surrounding buildings in the process.
EMP Burst
A burst of electromagnetic radiation is emitted, disrupting electronics on any units that are not properly shielded.  Hopefully that does not include us.
Take Hostage
Grab an enemy if they are sufficiently weak, and take them for the mind farms.
Intimidate
Attempt to scare the enemy into retreating from the battlefield without having to kill them.
Bribe
Attempt to bribe enemy with credits so that they leave the battlefield willingly.
Attack Building
All of the units in the selected squads will attack the building, attempting to destroy it and all that is inside.
Laser Katana
An energy sword capable of extending in size by several meters.
Missile Rack
Concealed missile rack grants heavy units long range destructive power.
Climb Building
All of the units in the selected squads will climb the exterior of the building and take up position on the roof.
Attract Attention
Loud noises and suspicious holograms draw enemy attention from all around.
Erect Nanoshield
A large bubble that reduces all incoming damage in the area is erected, protecting friendly units within its range.
Nanorepair
Repair or heal the target.
Corrupt Enemy Machine
Only works against enemy robots or vehicles.  If successful, that enemy will become part of our own forces.
Animate Local Machines
Any available small environmental machines become armed and operational.  Laser printers, industrial equipment, you name it.
