Mood
How a cohort or sub-cohort is feeling in general.
Neutral
Unhappy
Miserable
Happy
Exuberant
Hunger
How short on food is this population?
Sufficient Food
Hungry
Starving
Immigration Rate
When positive, people are moving to this district from out of the city, while negative means people want to leave this district and go to other districts.
Birth Rate
At what rate are new people of this sort born in this district?
Home Loss Rate
At what rate do people become homeless?
Imprisonment Rate
At what rate do people get thrown in prison?
How educated is the population?
Basic Education
Remedial Education
Uneducated
Advanced Education
Elite Education
Safety
How safe is this population from crime?
Nonthreatening
Threatening
Dangerous
Secure
Safe and Sound
Security Integrity
How resistant is District Security from internal corruption?
Compromised
Corrupt
Deeply Corrupt
Mostly Just
Just
Security Training
How well trained is District Security to peacefully or forcefully resolve situations?
Anger At Vigilante
How angry is this group with the unknown vigilante that haunts the city?
Offended
Displeased
Indifferent
Resentful
Enraged
Willingness To Aid Vigilante
How likely is this group to want to provide assistance to the vigilante?
Sympathetic
Passive
Committed
Activist
Corporate Mole
How many spys have infilitrated this corporation?
Balance of Power
What is the relative power of the C-Suite as a whole compared to the Board of Directors and the Sector Administration?
Executive Order
What is the relative power of the Sector Administration as a whole compared to the C-Suite and the Board of Directors?
Shareholder Satisfaction
Sector Administration Rivalry
Cyborg Realism (Visual)
How realistic our cyborgs look; the higher the realism, the more people are fooled when looking at still images of our cyborgs or seeing them at a glance.
Uncanny Valley
Looks Plastic
Not Realistic
Still A Bit Uncanny
Highly Realistic
Cyborg Realism (Behavioral)
How realistic our cyborgs behave, in all the small ways a human moves and acts.  The higher the realism, the more people and animals are fooled when spending extended amounts of time with our cyborgs.
Clearly A Robot
Draws Attention
Hacking Skill
How good are we, in general, at cracking into hostile computing environments
Basic Competence
Very Unskilled
Unskilled
Quite Competent
Extremely Skilled
Available Lawyers
How many lawyers they have available.
Fear Of Lawyer Death
For whatever historical reasons, how afraid are they of their laywers getting killed?
Law Experience
What is the average experience of the lawyers from this firm?
Available Scientists
How many scientists they have available.
Scientific Knowledge
What is the average scientific knowledge of the scientists from this science lab?
Lab Equipment
What is the quality of scientific equipment for this science lab?
Available Doctors
How many doctors they have available.
Medical Experience
What is the average experience of the medical practitioners from this practice?
Medical Equipment
What is the quality of medical equipment for this science lab?
Available P.I.s
How many private investigators they have available.
InvestigativeSkills
What is the relative investigative skill of this P.I. compared to others?
Loose Cannon
How willing is this P.I. to do whatever it takes to finish the job?
Available Mercenaries
How many mercenaries they have available.
Mercenary Combat Training
What is the average combat training for mercenaries in this company?
Mercenary Greed
How willing is this Paramilitary company to do whatever it takes to get their payday?
Mercenary Munitions
How many munitions does this Paramilitary company have stockpiled?
Available Revolutionaries
How many revolutionaries they have available.
Resistance Combat Training
What is the average combat training for revolutionaries in this resistance group?
Resistance Commitment
How willing is this resistance group to do whatever it takes to bring about their revolution?
Resistance Munitions
How many munitions does this resistance group have stockpiled?
Available Brutes
How many brutes they have available.
Gang Combat Training
What is the average combat training for brutes in this gang?
Gang Bravado
How reckless is this gang willing to be for the sake of its image?
Street Credit
How 'respected' is this gang by criminal syndicates and other gangs?
Gang Munitions
How many munitions does this gang have stockpiled?
Gang Leadership
How distributed is leadership for this gang?
Available Cultists
How many cultists they have available.
Cult Leaders
How many leaders does this cult have?
Cult Zeal
How zealously do cult members pursue their ideals?
Cult Prophecy
How assured is this cult that their prophecy is nigh?
Cult Leverage
How much leverage does a cult have over its target?
Cult Mystique
How mysterious is this cult to outsiders and its own followers?
Human Sacrifices
How many people have this cult captured for their dark rituals?
Available Henchmen
How effective is this criminal syndicate in recruiting henchmen to fill the ranks?
Henchmen Combat Training
What is the average combat training for Henchmen in this criminal syndicate?
Syndicate Connections
How politically connected is this criminal syndicate for getting away with its activities?
Syndicate Munitions
How many munitions does this criminal syndicate have stockpiled?
Syndicate Eyes and Ears
How many sources of intel does this criminal syndicate have?
Syndicate Wealth
How wealthy is this criminal syndicate?
Crimeboss Leadership
How distributed is leadership for this criminal syndicate?
Available Worshipers
How effective is this religious organization in converting new worshipers?
Piety
How dogmatically do religious practitioners pursue their ideals?
Proselytization
How effective is this religious organization at converting new followers?
Religious Shares
How dominant is a sect of a particular religion compared to other sects?
Tithing
How financially well off is this religious organization?
