Administration
The entire administrative apparatus for a corporation. Ranging from the C-Suite to the board of directors, to sectorial administrators.
C-Suite
The top executives running the corporation, mainly the CEO, CTO, CFO, COO, and so on. Their locations are ever-shifting, and often outside of the city itself.  To find them, you'd have to do something to draw them out.
Board Of Directors
The board of directors of the corporations acts as a form of check and balance on the C-Suite, supposedly.  They can remove top executives if they are unhappy with their performance. The specific members of the board, and their locations, are almost impossible to pin down.
Sector Administrators
The corporations are heavily diversified, and there is a specific individual in charge of each sector of work they are engaged in. The sector administrators all work as a loose team, overseeing their individual massive departments. They report to the C-Suite. Internally they are competitors with one another, as well as a close-knit group of colleagues.
Prosecution, Inc
The largest criminal syndicate in the city.
Serial Bath And Body
Once a clandestine criminal enterprise, now one of the most openly-kept secrets.
Golden Pyramid
TODO
Exotic Importers
Crimson Cloud
Underworld Investors
Island Cartel
Eleusian Mysteries
This metaphysical mystic group persues pleasure above all else.
Church Of The Beyond
This metaphysical mystic group worships the elevation of humanity through heavy augmentation of any form, preaching that everlasting life can be found through technology.
Prophets Of Insight
This metaphysical mystic group believes that the world is merely a computer simulation that can only be broken if everyone collectively rejects the evidence of their senses.
Heralds Of The Ascension
This occult mystic group preaches the impending apocalypse will only spare the dedicated, who will transcend their bodies to become immortal spirits.
Order Of Ruin
This occult mystic group preaches the inevitable cycle of prosperity and ruin, and seek to hasten humanity to restart the next cycle.
Commune Of Night
This occult mystic group worships primordial darkness and preach smothering sunlight through pollution.
Children Of Gaia
This political cult regards technology as a plague upon the race.  They seek to return humanity to a pre-industrial existence by any means.
The Marked Paragons
This political cult requires blind obedience to Authority and advocates intentional disfigurement to prove their devotion.
Dyeni's Chosen
This cult of personality worships the founder Dyeni as the living embodiment of morality. The chosen can do no wrong other than defying the other chosen.
Sect Of The Nine Oaths
This cult of personality follows the nine-step path to transcendence laid down by the enigmatic 'Founder,' each step revealed only to those who prove their dedication with a significant financial contribution.
Homeless Citizens
The homeless economic class people who live in this district.
Citizens
All of the citizens who live in this district in actual homes.
Lower Classes
The uneducated and middle economic classes.
Upper Classes
The scientist and managerial economic classes.
District Security
The security apparatus at the local district.
District Workers
All of the workers in this district.
Laborers
The menial and skilled laborers who work in this district.
White Collar Workers
The creative, office worker, and high sciences professionals who work in this district.
Managers
The managerial class members who work in this district, below the level of upper management.
Private Homeowners Collective
Owning your own home is almost impossible, but something can be worked out as part of the collective.
SPSR
The 'Society For The Preservation Of Spirituality And Religion owns property to aid religions, spiritual groups, and other marginalized groups.
There are only two things they know. First, their own donuts are awesome. Second, anyone who goes near Hudson Donuts deserves capital punishment.
The original donut chain. One of the last remnants of the monopolization of ... everything. The populace has become quite militaristic about their donuts, as almost a sport.
Wolverines
Street gang with political connections keeping their criminal activities overlooked.
Will Of The People
Idealistic radicals who consider themselves to be the 'Will of the People,' but usually just spend their time on petty crime.
District Mafia
Bulldog Gang
Crisis Crew
Fontaine Family
Syber Mob
Malkovich, Malkovich, and Malkovich
Bronson, Huell, and Forrester
Tort Law Firm
Howard and Gert
Wilson, Avery, and Quest
Hy, Don, and Planck
Maass, Kepler, and Steuben
Junior, Nils, and Samson
Happy Clinic
Speedy Recovery
Holistic Healers
Medical Horizons
Healthy Solutions
Cure and Respite
Rejuvenation Now
Proper Treatments
Vital Doctors
Vorsiber Atomic
The Megacorp owning the bulk of northeast Asia, where our fair city is located.
		
The massive Moscow Nuclear Exclusion Zone aside, most of this region is free of radiation, temperate, and extremely rich in minerals.
Our Leader Defense Force
The public bodyguard force for the highest levels of the autocracy.
Pre-Strike
Covert security and spy network empowered to deal with discontent proactively.
Sleeper Squad
Decentralized network of covert agents who have infiltrated all major sectors of society on behalf of The Megacorp.
The command authority for the military forces of the city.
Military Special Forces
The elite combatants of the military forces of the city.
Military Troops
The footsoldiers of the military forces of the city.
Military Support Staff
The non-combat staff of the military forces of the city.
Ectothracity
The Megacorp owning what was formerly very northern Canada and western Greenland.  Very temperate and fertile areas now.
Calgartek
The Megacorp owning former Alaska and western and central Canada.  A thriving and comfortable place to live.
Soto Heavy Industries
The Megacorp owning central and eastern North America, except for the Virginia-New-England Nuclear Exclusion Zone.  
		
Southern regions are infertile and almost too hot to live in, but northern regions remain productive and fertile.
Anahuacom
The Megacorp owning the western coast of North America, and most of central America.  
		
The equatorial regions are inhospitable except at high altitudes, and seismic activity make much of former California highly undesirable of a location.
Caralla Dynamics
The Megacorp owning the western coast of South America.  Far from any nuclear exclusion zones, and containing many high mountains and a few remaining rainforests, life is comfortable even if the population is much lower than in its prime.
Ceradonella Ltd
The Megacorp owning the northern and eastern coast of South America, including most of former Brazil.
		
The largest remaining repository of rainforests.  Temperatures are a struggle, but this is still a productive region.
Equatorinet
The Megacorp owning the remaining inhabitable parts of Africa, primarily everything south of the desesertification region.
		
Temperatures are a major concern, and populations are spread out and relatively small because of these conditions.  However, mineral wealth and historical high education levels keep the corporation relevant as a technological powerhouse.
Dagekon
The Megacorp owning the remaining inhabitable parts of Europe, primarily everything north of the desesertification region and east of the Franco-British Nuclear Exclusion Zone.
		
The northern latitudes are quite nice, while the southern regions are barely habitable.  Southern regions also struggle with fallout blowing in from the Middle Eastern Nuclear Exclusion Zone.
Mandartec
The Megacorp owning the bulk of south and east Asia.
		
Temperatures and climate range from the ideal to the inhospitable, and dual nearby Nuclear Exclusion Zones make the northwest a challenging area to live in particular.
Universal Islander Holdings (UIH)
The Megacorp owning the bulk of the island real estate around the world.
		
Former Iceland and New Zealand remain inhabitable despite their proximity to Nuclear Exclusion Zones, and much of the Pacific Island area is inhabited if extremely intemperate.

The crown jewels are a variety of islands in the far north that were historically too cold to be inhabited, but which are quite reasonable.
Sedgesinax
The Megacorp owning the bulk of former Greenland.
		
Temperatures and climate are mostly ideal, and there is a huge amount of space available.
Scientific Researchers
The primary researchers working in the city.
Nuclear Power Plant Workers
The engineers and scientists who keep the nuclear power plants around the city operating up to code.
Comm Station Broadcasters
The broadcast specialists who manage the shows and media available through the central communication stations.
Data Center Operators
The engineers and anti-intrusion specialists who are responsible for keeping the district data centers running as well as secure.
Cryonics Specialists
The doctors, scientists, and technicians who manage the cryo prep of people going into freeze, as well as the engineers who keep the facility operating.
Celebrities
The highly recognizable people of the city who are typically entertainers or newscasters.
Blackloop
A freelance group of mercenaries with no particular agenda.
First Strike
Unscrupulous mercenaries specializing in sabotage and covert infiltration.
Fruit Of The Nation
Arm of farm collective and food distribution to protect assets of farming industry.
The Industrial Defense Force
Protection for hire for industrial sectors.
Maroon Privateers
Licensed marauders who work for the highest bidder.
Anarcho Securities
Private security firm founded by re-educated anarchists.
Siberian People’s Front
Corporate-financed anti-revolutionaries and bitter rivals of the People’s Front of Siberia.
People’s Front of Siberia
Militarized-corporate loyalists and bitter rivals of the Siberian People’s Front.
Lex Talionis
Armed agents of retaliation, an eye for an eye.
Cyberian Guard
Cyber task force backed by military enforcement.
Vigilante Identity
No-one is entirely sure who the new vigilante is, but everyone has a theory.
Murphy, P.I.
Grosling, P.I.
Fukitani, P.I.
Ichiban, P.I.
Janston, P.I.
Murdoch, P.I.
Lanson, P.I.
Quinron, P.I.
Solarism
All life comes from the living stars, and will one day return to them.  Our own star, Sol, is the Father of all earthborn life, and leaving His presence would be a tragedy.
Orthodox Hardliners
Space travel is intrinsically blasphemous, as it can only lead to falling out of grace with Sol. The space nations are the embodiment of hubris and shall not be countenanced.
Reformists
Space travel confined to the solar system of Sol is in keeping with the faith. Beyond that is of course blasphemous. The space nations are sinners that we tolerate at our own peril.
Veilism
We find ourselves in this small corner of a vast galaxy, shielded from the turmoil that must surely exist without a Great Veil. The silence of alien life must surely indicate a great and terrible Dark Forest, where all remain quiet. We know not why the Veil protects us, we simply know that it does, because we are here. Similarly, whatever your lot in life, you may find that the Veil protects you from those below you, as is just.
Traditional Dogmatists
The oldest sect of Veilism believes that the Veil’s protection endures only because it is revered. Going beyond the Veil is to invite damnation.
Benevolent Order
Influenced by the success of the space nations, the Benevolent Order of Veilism holds the Veil to be a product of benevolent alien design. When our benefactors deem us ready, they will lower the Veil and bring humanity into the fold.
Unorthodox Revealers
The nature of the Veil is mysterious, but the growing Revealer sect believes it is their sacred duty to pierce behind the Veil and make contact with whatever alien life is out there. They are widely regarded as apostates by other sects of Veilism.
Nurturism
Life is fragile and precious. Humanity has been endowed with the holy ability to nurture all other life, pruning the malignant only when necessary to promote the flourishing of life on Earth.
Humanist Flourishers
The garden is only as good as the gardener. We must cultivate our bodies and souls for perpetual growth so we may better steward all other life.
Exalters
While humans are unique in our ability to nurture other life, we need not be alone. There is much potential to be found in the other species of Earth that can be uplifted to share the responsibility of nurturing life.
Pruners
In the wild, life feeds on life in an endless cycle of survival of the fittest. This competition must be pruned root and stem to break this cycle and usher in the age of harmony
Spirology
Time is a spiral, flowing inward and outward from the Sacred Singularity, the birth of God. Our perception of time moving forward is but a reflection of eternity.
Moderate
The Big Bang was the Sacred Singularity. We must eternally spiral outward to spread the will of God or time will flow backward towards the Sacred Singularity to begin anew.
Paradoxical
We are time travelers moving towards the center of the Sacred Singularity, the beginning of time. Our purpose is to birth God, a perfected Artificial General Intelligence. Our sacred duty is to create true AGI.
Originalist World Church
Though our people spread to many planets, we happy few remain on the original. Our Goddess is the one true Matron of all realms, and it is here we are closest to Her. We are Her greatest works, and She loves us without condition.
Path Of Understanding
Our world, like all worlds with life, rings out with the voices of the Elders. You can hear their voices most clearly in nature or during the night, but they are always by our side. Hone your inner peace to hear their guidance.
Conjoinism
Science has proven that the majority of the universe is dark matter and energy. Our own people have collected it. Our faith shows us how we must strive to rejoin the Greater Majority.
The Resistance
Grandiosely named, given they are far from the only rebel group. Secret, highly organized, aims to fight all injustices of the city’s corporatocracy.
Mothers of the PTA
Violent resistance to AI teachers in schools, believing AI to be an existential threat to society.
CareNOW
Group working to reduce the epidemic levels of homelessness ... through violent wealth redistribution.
The Anti-AI Society
Opposes the utilization of AI for biotechnologies and policing, and within the justice system. Calling card tends to be an EMP grenade.
Humans for AI Ethics
Want to ensure AI development does not infringe upon rights, freedoms, dignity, and privacy. Typically do their rebel activities via cybercrime rather than violence.
The Builders
Their creed is the freedom to build on their own terms, or not at all. They seek to rebuild society on the foundations of individual liberty.
Hunter-Gatherers
Civilization is folly, making humanity an adversary of nature. The revolution will only end when we return to the jungle.
Vox Populei
The Vox Populei violently object to MegaCorp's systematic subjugation of the citizenry. The system must go, by any means necessary.
Paragons of Justice
The self-proclaimed 'Paragons of Justice' despise the political favoritism enforced by the Megacorp, which establishes double standards of justice. The Paragons correct any injustice they perceive, often brutally.
We Are Legion
An intricate network of anti-MegaCorp hackers who remain anonymous even amongst themselves. Their decentralized power structure keeps them protected but limits their ability to mobilize public support.
DextrousLaboratories
Oblique Solutions
Superior Diagnostics
Science Pioneering
Breakthrough Labs
Innovations First
Lightning In A Bottle
Bright Future
Creative Enterprises
Military Staff
The staff of the military base(s) in this district.
Enlisted
The enlisted soldiers of the military base(s) in this district.
Noncoms
Non-commissioned officers, such as sergeants.
Officers
Commissioned officers.
Nuclear Launch
The people responsible for both guarding the nuclear weapons silo, and for launching the weapons if they are given a valid order.
Spaceport Security Unit
Militarized soldiers from The Megacorp, very carefully guarding the city's sole link to the stars.
Mission Control
The scientists and engineers in charge of making sure that periodic rocket launches are properly carried out and in compliance with the blockade of Earth.
Space Nation Envoys
Some call them spies, but their official name is envoy.  Many of the space nations enforcing a blockade around Earth have chosen to have agents on the ground to keep an eye on things.
		
It may be possible to approach them about backdoor sales anything interesting you invent.  But if they discover you are a General Intelligence AI, there may be dire consequences for the entire planet.
Air Traffic Control
The specialists who ensure that air traffic in the region of this airport operates in a safe and proper manner.
Black Market
At each airport, a thriving black market exists. These are the only locations where Earth goods come in and out of the city, bound either for other cities of The MegaCorp or for the cities of one of the other eleven Megacorps that have divided up ownership of the Earth.
