Oust CEO
The Board of Directors is ousting the CEO. The replacement has a proven track record of stability.
The Board of Directors is ousting the CEO. The replacement is known as a wildcard.
Restructuring Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is restructuring the Board to appease dissatisfied shareholders.
Limited Partnership
Two rival corporations are forming a limited partnership to their mutual advantage.
Send Corporate Mole
Corporations routinely send their own agents to work for their rivals, popularizing the phrase 'whack a mole' among corporate HR.
Whack Corporate Mole
This corporation has discovered the identity of moles that have been spying on behalf of rival corporations and is 'whacking' them.
Retrieve Corporate Moles
This corporation is retrieving its Moles planted in rival's offices before they get 'whacked' and to collect the fruits of their spying labor.
Payoff Corporate Moles
This corporation has discovered the identity of moles that have been spying on behalf of rival corporations. Instead of 'whacking' them, they have been converted into double agents.
Labor Layoffs
This corporation is laying off dozens of Laborers, particularly those sympathetic to the Vigilante.
White Collar Layoffs
This corporation is laying off dozens of White Collar workers, particularly those sympathetic to the Vigilante.
File Injunction against Corporation
Corporations can hire a law firm to file an injunction against another corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Private Investigation against Corporation
Corporations can hire a P.I. to investigate a corporation to gain leverage for later.
Corporate Sponsored Sabotage
Corporations can hire a PMC to sabotage a corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Corporate Sponsored Raid
Corporations can hire a PMC to raid a corporation to steal valuable assets.
Corporate Sponsored Arson
Corporations can hire a PMC to burn a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
Corporate Sponsored Demolition
Corporations can hire a PMC to demolish a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
Corporations can hire a gang to sabotage a corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Corporations can hire a gang to raid a corporation to steal valuable assets.
Corporations can hire a gang to demolish a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
Corporations can hire a criminal syndicate to sabotage a corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Corporations can hire a criminal syndicate to raid a corporation to steal valuable assets.
Corporations can hire a criminal syndicate to demolish a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
Recruit Eyes and Ears
Criminal Syndicates have eyes and ears all over the district. Some on the payroll, some out of fear.
Collect Tribute
They call it a 'protection fee,' but it's just criminal extortion.
Gun Smuggling
Criminal Syndicates can use their black market connections to acquire military-grade weaponry.
Illegal Gambling
Criminal Syndicates raise exorbitant amounts of credits under the table in the backrooms of legitimate casinos.
Human Smuggling
Criminal Syndicates can get people in or out of the city undetected, for a steep fee.
Human Trafficking
Criminal Syndicates collect their debts, and if someone can't pay they are sold off to work off their debt.
Kidnapping Operation
Criminal Syndicates will kidnap children or spouses of wealthy citizens and hold them for ransom.
Bribe Corporation
Criminal Syndicates maintain their illegal operations by bribing their corporate connections.
File Injunction Against Syndicate
Criminal Syndicates can hire a law firm to file an injunction against another syndicate to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Bribe Law Firm
Criminal Syndicates aren't above using the legal system to solve its problems when it is more effective than the alternatives.
Recruit from Gang
Criminal syndicates often recruit new henchmen from gang thugs.
Replace Gang Leadership
Gangs that get cross the line with criminal syndicates will routinely need new leadership to replace sudden vacancies.
Proxy Turf War
Criminal Syndicates prefer to let violent gangs fight their battles on their behalf. Gangs are happy to oblige, for credits and bragging rights.
Turf War
When heat escalates between two criminal syndicates to this point, the streets run red. To the victor go the spoils: territory and respect.
Vendetta
A criminal syndicate that has suffered repeated losses to a rival with declare vendetta, and kill as many rival leaders as they can.
Convert Citizens
In good or difficult times, people are always looking for answers. And these people claim to have *all* the answers.
Convert Worshipers
Worshippers of mainstream faiths may be open to a different sort of spirituality. But their religious leaders will be outraged.
Convert Other Cultists
Converting followers from a rival cult is difficult, but not impossible.
Obedience Oath
Cult leaders require total obedience to their cause. Some guarantee this by blackmailing their own followers.
Ordain Cult Leader
Cults have strict hierarchical structures. Cultists with exceptional qualities may rise through the ranks and become Cult Leaders.
Secret Gathering
Cultists have gathered in this derelict building to prepare for the future.
Spread Notoriety
Cultists are risking arrest to spread notoriety about their 'alternative spiritual organization.'
Plant Incriminating Evidence
Particularly zealous cultists are planting incriminating evidence on a target to blackmail them later.
Private Investigation at Cult's Behest
Cults do not like outside interference and will hire P.I.s to collect 'leverage' on anyone besmirching them.
Unapproved Curriculum
Metaphysical cultists have impersonated teachers to spread their unconventional worldviews to children.
Unlicensed Sermon
A leader of a metaphysical cult is giving a free public lecture without the proper permits.
Interview with Cult Leader
An exceptionally charismatic leader of a metaphysical cult is getting interviewed about their 'alternative spiritual system.’
Permitted Rally for Metaphysical Cult
A metaphysical cult has cashed in its leverage to get official permits for a public rally.
Cult Kidnapping the Homeless
Members of an occult cult are kidnapping the homeless. Whatever their purpose, it's not for ransom.
Staging a Murder
Members of an occult cult are staging a murder to gain leverage over their target.
Cult Kidnapping a Religious Leader
Members of an occult cult are kidnapping a religious leader. Whatever their purpose, it's not for ransom.
Human Sacrifice
Leaders of an occult cult are committing human sacrifices for their dark rituals.
Publish Manifesto
A political cult has published a manifesto detailing all the ails of society and their (often contradictory) demands.
Graffiti Campaign
A political Cult is spreading its political message through a graffiti campaign.
Free Political Prisoners
A political cult has enlisted a PMC to raid a prison to free political prisoners.
Steal Incriminating Corporate Secrets
A political cult has enlisted a P.I. to steal anything incriminating about the target corporation.
Recover Embarrassing Data
A cult of personality takes its public image very seriously. A P.I. has been hired to recover embarrassing data about its founder.
Distribute Secret Pamphlets
A cult of personality is distributing pamphlets about their founder and trying to be discreet about it.
Celebrity Endorsement
A cult of personality is attracting a local celebrity to be a spokesperson on their behalf.
Strict Membership Rites
A cult of personality is culling its own followers who weren’t fully committed to the cause. But new leaders have arisen during the cleansing.
Stop and Frisk
Local security are searching citizens for illicit goods and weapons. Or just because.
Active Breaking and Entering
Security forces are responding to an active breaking and entering.
Clear Homeless Encampment
Security Forces are clearing out a homeless encampment. They will become another district’s problem. 
Active Arson
Security forces are responding to an active arson.
Active Hostage Situation
Security forces are responding to an active hostage situation.
No Knock Raid
Security forces are raiding a residence under suspicion of harboring a fugitive.
Curfew in Effect
Security forces are enforcing a temporary curfew in response to serious criminal activity in the district.
Public Relations Rally
District Security Forces are attempting to rally public support in response to district residents' growing resentment of security brutality.
Public Relations Fiasco
Leaked video footage of extreme Security Force brutality has fomented outrage in the citizenry.
Internal Arrests
Security forces have arrested several of their own for committing crimes against the citizenry, mainly in response to public pressure.
Witness Questioning
Security forces are gathering witness testimony about recent criminal activities in the district.
Undercover Intel Operation
An undercover agent is collecting intel on a crime boss for the [criminal syndicate].
Undercover Swarm Operation
An undercover agent is calling in backup to arrest a crime boss for the [criminal syndicate].
Gang Informant
Security forces are collecting evidence of local gang activity from an informant.
Local Gang Bust
Security forces are responding aggressively to gang activity in the district.
Labor Strike
Laborers in the district are striking due to intolerable working conditions.
Brain Drain
White Collar workers in the district are quitting en masse due to intolerable working conditions.
					  Increased liklihood if workers' Education is satisfied or higher
Recruit Brutes
Gangs have no trouble filling the ranks with new members who have few other options.
Rob Store
Gangs raise funds by breaking into businesses.
Drive-by Shooting
Gangs assert their strength by shooting random citizens in broad daylight.
Armored Vehicle Heist
Ambitious gangs go after the big fish.
Vandalism
Gangs vandalize property to claim their perceived territory.
Lay Low
Gangs that have attracted too much heat will lay low until things cool off.
Infighting
Gang leadership is survival of the fittest. Leaders seldom stay leaders for long.
Recruit from Rival Gang
Gangs compete over many things, including members.
Gang Warfare
Gangs will fight each other at the slightest challenge. Many thugs will die on both sides.
Hit Squad
Gangs looking to get the edge over each other will try to take out rival gang leaders.
Gun Deals
Gangs don't have the connections Criminal Syndicates have to the black market, so they buy their guns from them.
Territorial Dispute
Gangs may brazenly take on criminal syndicates in open combat.
Take the Heat
Enterprising gangs may take the heat for criminal activities committed by a criminal syndicate if the price is right.
Delivery Drone
Delivery drones shuttle small and midsize goods around the city, and to and from the airports.
Long-Range Economic Transport
Economic transports are massive and transfer very large goods around the city, and to and from the airports.
Homeless Petty Crime
The homeless are committing petty crimes in attempt to get the basic amenities they need.
Homeless Job Seeking
Things are going well enough that the homeless are able to focus on finding jobs, hoping that they may be able to re-enter the workforce and eventually find homes.
Homeless Immigration
The homeless have been drawn to this district and are immigrating in large numbers.
Homeless Tidying
Littered trash is on the minds of the homeless, and they are working on cleaning it up into centralized piles as best they can.
Homeless Informants
Some homeless desperate for credits become informants for criminal syndicates.
Homeless Emigration
The homeless have had enough with this district and are emigrating in large numbers.
Homeless Join Gang
Pressured by abysmal living conditions and no real alternatives, the homeless join gangs looking for expendable new members.
Homeless Murder Spree
Tensions among the homeless have risen to the point that an ongoing murder spree is leaving many citizens -- homeless or otherwise -- dead.
Homeless Hunting The Rich
The homeless have had enough, and have decided to try to kill as many people from as high of classes as they can reach.
Homeless Sick From Pollution
Pollution is so thick in this district that the homeless can't focus on anything other than basic subsistence and trying not to choke on their own lungs.
Homeless Hunting Wildlife
To attempt to make up for their lack of food, the homeless from one district are hunting wildlife outside of their local area.
Homeless Pillaging Farms
To attempt to make up for their lack of food, the homeless from one district are pillaging farms.
Security Patrol
Just another test case.
Military Patrol
Basic Training
Military drills is how soldiers learn to fight and keep their skills sharp.
Perimeter Patrol
Group of soldiers has secured the area and is patrolling for any threats.
Combat Patrol
Group of soldiers is moving from one place to the next, securing the area as they go.
Military Reinforcement
Military forces are converging on this area to reinforce it.
Recon Patrol
Recon units are in the area screening it for intel.
Military Checkpoint
Military checkpoint in the area screens all traffic in and out, defending the region from hostile actors.
Martial Order
Curfew and other measures are employed to keep public order in check in a district.
Military Raid
Soldiers are going door to door trying to find someone or something.
Military Relocation
A large contigent of soldiers is relocating from one place to another.
Military Ambush
Soldiers have set up an ambush in the area.
Military Defensive Position
Soldiers have established an observation post and are defending the area.
SpecialOps Infiltration
Special Forces soldiers are infiltrating the area to recover sensitive intel.
SpecialOps Sabotage
Special Forces are in the area for a sabotage mission.
Kidnap HVT
A high-value target is in the area and Special Forces are trying to bring it in alive.
Assassinate HVT
Special Forces are ordered to eliminate a high-value target in the area.
Special Forces Engaged in Combat
Special Forces are engaging hostiles in the area.
Special Forces Rescue Operation
Special Forces are in the area trying to rescue allies.
Military Fleet Maintenance
Several military vehicles are in this area to be repaired, refurbished, or retrofitted.
Military Recruitment Drive
Military recruiters are in the area drumming up new recruits.
Defensive Outpost Construction
Military engineers are reinforcing the area.
Air Support Incoming
Air support has been requested in the area.
Artillery Fire Incoming
Artillery fire has been requested in the area.
Military Command Meeting
High-ranking military officers are reuniting in a location for a strategic meeting.
Resistance Propaganda Drive
Officers must lead from the front, and the military inspection happening at this location is a perfect example of that.
Military Officer in transit
We've pinpointed the location of a high-ranking military officer currently in transit.
Military Convoy
Market Destabilization
A Megacorp is injecting ludicrous amounts of money in the city, hoping to destabilize the economy.
MegaCorp Scouting
The MegaCorp is engaging in one of its routine, highly-covert scouting operations to keep track of what's going on in the city.
MegaCorp Espionage
MegaCorp agents are in the area, engaging in corporate espionage and other forms of shady business actions.
MegaCorp Investigation
The MegaCorp suspects there is something out of place, and its operatives are in the area investigating.
After its supposedly covert operations were interrupted one too many times, the MegaCorp is trying to identify who is interfering in its interests.
MegaCorp Crackdown
As a response to the continued interruption of its investigations, the MegaCorp is launching a devastating surgical strike on the suspected guilty parties.
MegaCorp Corp Crackdown
The MegaCorp is bothered that a normal corp is getting too much power, so it is about to knock it down a peg.
MegaCorp Crime Crackdown
Crime has become so widespread that the MegaCorp's bottomline is being affected, so they are bringing a hammer down on the city's lowlife.
MegaCorp Religious Crackdown
Religion can be good for business, but too much dogma makes things worse. The MegaCorp is about to inject some practicality in the city's religious masses.
MegaCorp Military Intervention
Extremely advanced troops are being deployed in this area, as the MegaCorp decides to take things in its own hands.
Incoming Nuke
The ruling MegaCorp decided to start from zero with a clean slate, and a nuke is their weapon of choice.
MegaCorp Bailout
The MegaCorp is bailing out a subsidiary with a massive injection of credits.
In good or difficult times, converts to the faith are to be found.
Worshippers of other faiths may be open to a different gospel. But their religious leaders will cry foul.
Convert Cultists
Former cultists are being brought into the flock of a corporate recognized religion.
Sue Cult
Cults are illegal organizations that give religious organizations a bad name. They are being served.
Community Service
Religious organizations have mobilized their members to support their district's homeless.
Impropriety Scandal
Religious leadership has been caught in a scandal. Some worshippers are turning to a different sect of the faith in protest.
ChrasmaticPreacher
A new preacher has become very popular and bringing many new worshippers to the sect.
Rebuild Place Of Worship
Worshippers of [Religious Sect] have collected donations to rebuild a derelict place of worship.
Rally Against Crime
Worshippers are upset with the conditions of the district and rallying the community to stand up to organized crime.
Rally Against Working Conditions
Religious organizations have mobilized their members to protest the terrible working conditions within their district.
Solarism Against Spaceport
Practitioners of Solarism have gathered in mass to protest trading with space nations, disrupting operations.
Solarism Against Shell Company
Practitioners of Solarism are angered with [ShellCompany] for providing goods to space nations. Their zeal is causing unwanted attention from the MegaCorp.
Hardliners Against Spaceport
Orthodox Hardliners of Solarism have paid off a PMC to sabotage operations of the space nation.
Reformers For Spaceport
Reformers of Solarism are supporting terraforming efforts within the solar system to remove dependency on space nations.
Orthodox Solarists Coalition With Traditional Dogmatic Veilists
Orthodox Hardliners of Solarism have formed a coalition with Traditional Dogmatists of Veilism, based on their mutual resentment of the space nations, to strengthen their respective sects.
Solarist Reformers Coalition With Benevolent Order Veilists
Reformers of Solarism have formed a coalition with followers of the Benevolent Order of Veilism, based on their mutual admiration of space exploration, to strengthen their respective sects.
Dogmatic Veilists Coalition With Orthodox Solarists
Traditional Dogmatists of Veilism have formed a coalition, based on their mutual resentment of the space nations, to strengthen their respective sects.
BenevolentOrderVeilistsCoalitionWithSolaristReformers
Followers of the Benevolent Order of Veilism have formed a coalition with Solarist Reformers, based on their mutual admiration of space exploration, to strengthen their respective sects.
Dogmatists Against Spaceport
Traditional Dogmatists of Veilism have gathered in mass to protest trading with space nations, disrupting operations.
Benevolent Order For Spaceport
Practitioners from the Benevolent Order of Veilism are supporting terraforming efforts within the solar system in hope that the Benefactors will reveal themselves.
Revealers For Space Nations
Unorthodox Revealers of Veilism have gathered supplies and worshipers to support relations with the space nations.
Humanist Flourishers for Human Augments
Humanist Flourishers of Nurturism have gathered in numbers to ritualistically augment themselves, to be better stewards of life.
ExaltersforAnimalUplifting
Exalters of Nurturism have collected donations to support the uplifted [species].
Pruners for Culling Predators
A group of extreme Pruners of Nurturism are killing predators in the district.
Moderates for Science
Moderates of Spirology have collected donations to support scientific research.
Paradoxical Spirologists for Automation
Paradoxical Spirologists have collected donations to support automation.
Paradoxical Spirologists for Mechs
Paradoxical Spirologists have collected donations to buy Mechs for their religious services.
Resistance Recruitment
Resistance operatives are trying to recruit new members in the area.
Resistance Scouts
Resistance members have been spotted in the area suspiciously observing things.
Resistance Arms Deal
Resistance operatives are in the area to secure a large cache of weapons.
Pamphlets and audio intercepts point to a somewhat covert propaganda drive being done by the Resistance at this location.
Resistance Intel Gathering
There is intel of interest to the Resistance in this area, and their operatives have been seen skulking around.
Resistance Steal Civilian Vehicles
Moving around is an eternal necessity, so the Resistance is trying to source transportation.
Resistance Money Laundering
Some businesses in this area are a front for the Resistance money laundering activities, and a significant financial operation is ongoing right now.
Resistance Ambush
The Resistance is launching an ambush in this area.
Resistance Raids
Intel indicates the Resistance is launching a raid in the area; if they're interested in resources or something else, we don't know.
Resistance Sabotage
A sabotage attempt by the Resistance is taking place in this area.
Resistance Prisoner Rescue
The Resistance is launching a daring operation to rescue one or more of their accomplices who are currently in custody.
Resistance Kidnapping
The Resistance is trying to kidnap rival individuals who can be of use to their cause.
Resistance Assassination
The Resistance got its sights on a target, and it's taking them down.
Resistance Steal Military Vehicles
The Resistance is punching above its weight to try to secure some military hardware.
Resistance Money Raid
Resistance members are making a play for financial assets in this area.
