UI Elements
Some people prefer a less cluttered UI, others want more guides to things that are going on.
Experiments
These are experimental gameplay behaviors that we'd usually like feedback on.
Fullscreen Mode
These settings only apply when the game is running in fullscreen (not windowed!) mode.
Windowed Mode
These settings only apply when the game is running in windowed (not fullscreen!) mode.
Fullscreen Effects (Post-Processing)
Adjust things related to screen-wide post-processing effects in the game.  Whether these are related to personal preference, hardware compatibility, or otherwise.
Anti-Aliasing
Adjust things related to anti-aliasing, which is another fullscreen effect.
Tooltips
Adjustments to what is shown in tooltips
HUD
Configuration relating to the heads up display (most of the interface) for the game.
Sidebar
Configuration relating to the sidebar in the game.
Selected Ships/Fleets Window
Configuration relating to the window that shows the selected ships display in the bottom-right corner of the screen.
Master Controls
The overall controls for audio.
Sound Mixing
Adjust the relative volume of a lot of different parts of the game.
Settings for the normal top-down camera view.
Main Camera Control Speeds
Settings for the speed of controls while using the normal city camera.
Battle Camera Control Speeds
Settings for the speed of controls while using the top-down battle mode camera.
Main Camera Depth Of Field
Settings for the depth of field for the camera when it is not in photo mode.
Photo Mode Camera
Settings for the camera in photo mode.
Photo Mode Depth Of Field
Settings for the depth of field of the camera in photo mode (in photo mode, depth of field cannot be disabled).
Mouse Controls
Adjust how your mouse behaves.
Visual Load Reduction
These items generally reduce the amount of visual load (mix of CPU and GPU, but mostly GPU) that the game requires.
CPU Load Reduction
These items generally reduce the amount of CPU load that the game requires.
GPU Load Reduction
These items generally reduce the amount of GPU load that the game requires.
Logging
These items generally give you information about how things are performing, but slow them down a bit while doing so.
Privacy
If you are streaming multiplayer, you may wish to hide certain info for privacy.  There's a limit to just how much we can hide while still having it be functional, though.  So that's the amount we hide.
Your IP Address Information
Information about your IP Addresses for your convenience if you need it.
Map Related
Settings related to the map or mapgen.
Debug Tooltips
Settings to showing extra debugging in tooltips.
Game Logging
Settings to write extra logs about what the game is doing.
Draco's Items
Settings to show things that help Draco debug some of his items.
Settings for debug items that don't fit anywhere else.
Escape Menu Additions
These add extra information to the escape menu.
Data Integrity
These write logs to disk about various pieces of data so that we can verify intended changes over time, or verify correctness after changes.
Serialization
These write logs to disk when data is serialized or deserialized for purposes of writing savegames.
Game Framework
These let us debug various parts of the underlying game framework.
Network Logging
The ability to log all sorts of things about the network to your disk if there are problems happening.
Save-Safe Mods
These mods don't require all the players in a multiplayer game to have them on.  Additionally, you can load a savegame that had such a mod without it showing as present.
      
A number of these change balance for the game, and in multiplayer it's a good idea for all players to have those same mods on, but it's not required.  In cases where ships stats or other mechanics differ, the host's simulation will take precedence.

In other cases, if these are purely cosmetic, then it really doesn't matter what things look like to you versus someone else.
Framework Mods
These mods don't do anything directly.  They provide functionality for other mods to use.  Other mods will turn them on if they are needed.
