Requires the Expansion {0}, which is either not installed or not enabled.
Requires the Mod {0}, which we could not find any record of.
Requires the Mod {0}, which is installed but itself cannot be enabled because of prerequisites.
Requires the Mod {0}, which is installed but not currently enabled.
Cannot Enable Some Mods
Cannot Enable Mod
(Not Installed)
(Not Enabled)
Load Missing Expansions Or Mods?
Could not load this savegame because you don't have the requisite expansions or mods installed:
Would you like to load the missing expansions or mods now?
All of the expansions that this mod uses, including {0} must be enabled in order to turn this mod on.  At least one expansion is not installed.
End Total Conversion?
Start Total Conversion?
Disabling this total conversion will return you to the normal game and any non-total-conversion mods you wish to use there.
		  
This will be done immediately upon clicking yes, not saving any of your other settings here.  However, any and all previously-saved settings and data from this total conversion will be retained for you.
		  
Feel free to switch back and forth into and out of total conversions as much as you wish.  The game will shut down when you turn one on or off, and you will have to manually restart the game.  But until you make the switch, it will stay in the last state you requested, indefinitely.
Enabling this total conversion will completely alter the entire game, removing direct access to most other mods and using only the new set of features that are included in this mod.  This is akin to turning Half Life 1 into Counter-Strike or Day Of Defeat when it comes to the scale of the changes possible.

This will be done immediately upon clicking yes, not saving any of your other settings here.  However, any and all previously-saved settings and data from the base game will be retained for you, and in the total conversion you will have a completely separate set of settings.

Feel free to switch back and forth into and out of total conversions as much as you wish.  The game will shut down when you turn one on or off, and you will have to manually restart the game.  But until you make the switch, it will stay in the last state you requested, indefinitely.
