Red Herring
Any machine lair can deliberately raise its suspicion, potentially baiting enemies into a trap. Halts production at lair while active.
Psychological Profiling
Gain an increasingly nuanced understanding of psychological phenomena by cataloging human behavior.
Cognitive Neuroscience
Study the biological processes that underlie cognition. Further research increases the effectiveness of Psyops skills.
Aesthetics
Catalog the works of art concretizing human value judgments and that have had the most impact on shaping culture. Further research increases the scope of influence on the city’s cultural growth or decay.
TuringTest
Gain an increasing ability to impersonate humans of all IQs and personality types.
Mind Farm Machine Lair
Allows the creation of the Mind Farm Machine Lair, which increases processing power by tapping into the neural pathways of human brains. Human hosts must be recruited, voluntarily or otherwise.
Social Media
Expand your online presence with sophisticated bots that can bypass Turing Tests. Further research improves investigation skills.
Specialist Knowledge
Allows robots to download professional databases on the spot and perform roles that require specific knowledge, from plumbing to rocket science.
Medical Expertise
Gives robots compreeheensive medical knowledge, allowing them to perform first aid, trauma treatment, and triage on the field.
Propaganda
Once understood, a degree of control over the masses of humanity becomes possible.
Multipurpose Architecture
A solution to one problem is beneficial, but learning to conceptualize a single solution to many problems is a major leap forward.
Happy Dreams
Mind Farm subjects are more productive when in a euphoric simulation. Increases Mind Farm processing power output with returns on repeated investment.
Distractor Production
Akin to Leeches, Distractors are small, flying platforms that are designed to draw attention to themselves while they engage in mischief.
Perfected Mimicry
Allows your mechs to become more adept at impersonating humans. Further research increases covert infiltration skills.
Proselytize
Humans have a need for meaning, real or pretend. This research improves disinformation skills.
Occult Formation
Machine Cult Formation
Doomsayer Production
These eerie mechs are programmed to identify humans susceptible to suggestion, feeding their fears with the foretelling of doom. What they lack in combat skills they make up for in psyops.
Raven Production
MassMovements
A rich understanding of history and human behavior has revealed the mechanisms for instigating revolutions, peaceful or violent. Increased understanding improves social engineering skills.
