Anarchy
No central government body, but the people have some representatives for trade with other planets.
Aristocracy
Nobility systems for the space age.
Bureaucracy
Leadership is a job like any other.  Most decisions are made by state officials, rather than anyone elected, born into it, or otherwise.
Communism
A society without classes, where the public owns everything jointly.
Corpo-State
One or more corporations rule, via some degree of totalitarianism.
Council
A governing council is elected or drafted via various means, and rules for specific terms.
Cyberocracy
Since true artificial intelligence seems to be impossible, complex sets of algorithms are used to set social policies, distribution of goods and jobs, and so on.
Demarchy
Power is held by those who win a random lottery, but only for a certain amount of time.  As the saying goes, leaders may be released early for good behavior.
Democracy
The public are given votes to elect representatives in their government.
Dictatorship
Rule is exercised by the few who are in central power, often with brutal suppression of dissent.  Details vary.
Empire
A collection of multiple aligned states controlled by one central, often totalitarian or monarchist, authority.
Federation
Rather than one central government, a collection of aligned-but-independent governments work togther.
Feudal
Taking the idea of an aristocracy to the next level, with complex obligations between lords and vassals in a land-owner-focused government.
Gerontocracy
Power is held by the elders of society.  Not uncommon to see cryosleep used to extend the rule of the eldest for generations.
Kritarchy
Power is held by a judicial system, and customary law is set by judges without any form of statutory law to assist.
Meritocracy
Citizens who score the best on various aptitude tests are assigned leadership positions.
Monarchy
The population is ruled by an individual with absolute power that is passed down via bloodlines.
Oligarchy
A small sect of wealthy elites rule, in public or in secret.
Plutocracy
Wealth equals power, literally.  As the money of a citizen rises or falls, so does their personal representation and political capabilities.
Power is held by the citizenry through a variety of forms of legislative bodies.
Stratocracy
Power is held by a military hierarchy, with enlisted officers enforcing most decisions.
Technocracy
Power is held by the skilled, and in particular the intellectual.
Theocracy
A central religious ideological body rules over the people, often with requirements of strict adherence to religious doctrine.
Timocracy
Power is held by the honorable, who are typically often aggressive or outright warlike.
Triumvirate
Three co-equal rulers share absolute power, with the intent that they each act as a check against the other.
