Biolab Machine Lair
Allows the building of Biolab Machine Lairs on certain building types, which specializes in research and development around organic life.
Chris note: consider removal.  Increases Machine Lair resistance against fires.
Soundproof Lairs
Chris note: consider removal.  Machine Lair activities generate less suspicion per investment.
RedHerring
Chris note: consider removal.  Active Ability: Any machine lair can deliberately raise its suspicion, potentially baiting enemies into a trap. Halts production at lair while active.
Harvester Drone Capabilities
Chris note: consider removal.  Improvements to the general flight and cargo capabilities of existing drones at our Harvester Machine Lairs.
Security Bypass
Chris note: consider removal.  Harvester Drones can bypass the security systems of protected buildings, expanding the effective range of Harvester Machine Lairs per investment.
HostageTaker
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows Harvester Drones to capture citizens for Mind Farms or ransom. Improves infiltration skill of harvester drones per investment.
Advanced Metallurgy
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows usage of advanced tools, including laser and plasma devices.
Recycling Techniques
Microparticle Recyclers
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows microbots to convert previously unbreakable items into usable materials.
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows Deployment Hub drones to increase the chances of fires starting in buildings around themselves.
Chris note: consider removal.  Combative conflicts in districts with Deployment Hubs will prefer to target the Hub instead of other machine lairs present in the district.
Chris note: consider removal.  Mind Farm subjects are more productive when in a euphoric simulation. Increases Mind Farm processing power output per investment.
Meat Vats
Allows Bio Labs to generate vat meat-grown resources automatically.
Allows Bio Labs to generate hydroponically grown resources automatically.
RedDeath
Chris note: consider removal.  Allows Biolabs to create Red Death pathogens, which can unleash a terrible plague on humans. The disease becomes more severe and contagious the more this tech is researched.
