Fungus Manipulation
Allows adjustment of genetics in ways that will adjust their role in the ecosystem.
Fungus Special: Pollution Collection
Fungi are genetically enhanced to pull pollution from the air and concentrate them as heavy metals in their own cells.  Improves air pollution, but makes fungi deeply toxic.
Native Grasses Manipulation
Native Grasses Special: Antihistamines
Native grass has been modified to inhibit allergies, improving quality of life.
Native Shrubs Manipulation
Native Shrubs Special: Regenerative
Native shrubs have been modified to quickly regenerate biomass, providing sustenance to herbivores.
Cactus Manipulation
Cactus Special: Decorative Deterrent
Cactus have been modified to grow like ivy and are planted in areas to deter the unwanted.
Butterfly Manipulation
Butterfly Special: Medicine Incubators
Butterflies are able to incubate medicines of our choosing, and can be harvested to retrieve said medicines.
Cane Toad Manipulation
Cane Toad Special: Landmine
Cane toads are genetically enhanced to include plastic explosives and a detonator that we can control at will.
Deer Manipulation
Deer Special: Crime Watch
Deer are genetically enhanced to recognize human-on-human violence, and take rapid intervention when they see it happening.  Reduces petty crime.
Duck Manipulation
Duck Special: Fertilizer
Ducks are genetically enhanced so that their feces are highly beneficial fertilizers for land plants; however, this may cause algae blooms in water.
Fox Manipulation
Fox Special: Underminer
 Foxes are genetically enhanced in their burrowing abilities to navigate complex mazes with ease, making them ideal agents for infiltrating and sabotaging building foundations.
Pigeon Manipulation
Pigeon Special: Messenger
These behaviorally modified pigeons are exceptional messengers that recognize the nuances of human faces. They are highly valued by subversive groups.
Raccoon Manipulation
Raccoon Special: Trash Hoarders
Racoons are behaviorally altered to hoard trash at waste treatment centers, making districts much cleaner. 
Songbird Manipulation
Songbird Special: Siren's Song
Songbirds have amplified bird calls that soothe the mood of the district’s human populace.
Spider Manipulation
Spider Special: Giants
Spiders are genetically altered to range between the size of a large dog to a small car.
Giant Spider Special: Nanowebbing
Giant Spiders have been further augmented to produce incredibly tensile yet durable webbing, with boundless applications.
Giant Spider Special: Superior Security
Giant Spiders are conditioned to be the superior security system, significantly inhibiting break-ins.
Giant Spider Special: Menace
Giant Spiders are further augmented to highlight their terrifying features and pose an existential threat to humans.
Hippo Introduction
Allows introduction of hippos into the city.
Hippo Manipulation
Hippo Special: Ambush
Hippos are genetically enhanced so that with a chemical signal from us, they will fly into a rage. Very dangerous even to armored personnel.
Velociraptor Introduction
Allows introduction of velociraptors into the city.
Velociraptor Manipulation
Velociraptor Special: Training
These Velociraptors have been behaviorally altered to obey their human handlers and are trained for combat.
Velociraptor Special: Pack Tactics
These augmented velociraptors are highly coordinated predators, making the pack greater than the sum of its parts.
Wolf Introduction
Allows introduction of wolves into the city.
Wolf Manipulation
Wolf Special: Population Control
Wolves are augmented to select specific prey to manage population levels.
Wolf Special: Companion
Wolves are conditioned to crave human companionship, serving as loyal guard dogs.
