Compact Car
Goes vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Hatchback
Compact car but taller, also goes vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Sedan
Compact car but longer, can be luxurious vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
SUV
Bigger vroom, often more expensive than other cars and a good fit for authorities or military forces. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Pickup Truck
Half car half truck, goes vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Van
Cargo-focused vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
MediumTruck
Big vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
HeavyTruck
Very big vroom. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Private Plane
Goes vroom, in the air! Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Passenger Jetliner
Goes vroom, in the air, with a lot of people in it! Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Cargo Plane
Goes vroom, in the air, with a lot of cargo and almost no people. Nose sometimes pops up, which is cute. Placeholder to not break the XML, until we decide what to do with vehicles and types and revaluate this.
Light Cargo Drone
Autonomous delivery drone, and the backbone of logistics here in Siberia. Can be used to airdrop robots in unexpected places.
Heavy Cargo Drone
Autonomous delivery drone, capable of carrying vastly heavier loads than standard models. Can be used to airdrop squads of robots or heavy mechs in unexpected places.
