Limited Partnership
Two rival corporations are forming a limited partnership to their mutual advantage.
Send Corporate Mole
Corporations routinely send their own agents to work for their rivals, popularizing the phrase 'whack a mole' among corporate HR.
Whack Corporate Mole
This corporation has discovered the identity of moles that have been spying on behalf of rival corporations and is 'whacking' them.
Retrieve Corporate Moles
This corporation is retrieving its Moles planted in rival's offices before they get 'whacked' and to collect the fruits of their spying labor.
Payoff Corporate Moles
This corporation has discovered the identity of moles that have been spying on behalf of rival corporations. Instead of 'whacking' them, they have been converted into double agents.
Labor Layoffs
This corporation is laying off dozens of Laborers, particularly those sympathetic to the Vigilante.
White Collar Layoffs
This corporation is laying off dozens of White Collar workers, particularly those sympathetic to the Vigilante.
File Injunction against Corporation
Corporations can hire a law firm to file an injunction against another corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Private Investigation against Corporation
Corporations can hire a P.I. to investigate a corporation to gain leverage for later.
Corporate Sponsored Sabotage
Corporations can hire a PMC to sabotage a corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Corporate Sponsored Raid
Corporations can hire a PMC to raid a corporation to steal valuable assets.
Corporate Sponsored Arson
Corporations can hire a PMC to burn a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
Corporate Sponsored Demolition
Corporations can hire a PMC to demolish a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
Corporations can hire a gang to sabotage a corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Corporations can hire a gang to raid a corporation to steal valuable assets.
Corporations can hire a gang to demolish a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
Corporations can hire a criminal syndicate to sabotage a corporation to cause them to stop doing things for a bit.
Corporations can hire a criminal syndicate to raid a corporation to steal valuable assets.
Corporations can hire a criminal syndicate to demolish a rival corporation's building if the heat escalates too far.
