Basic Training
Military drills is how soldiers learn to fight and keep their skills sharp.
Perimeter Patrol
Group of soldiers has secured the area and is patrolling for any threats.
Combat Patrol
Group of soldiers is moving from one place to the next, securing the area as they go.
Military Reinforcement
Military forces are converging on this area to reinforce it.
Recon Patrol
Recon units are in the area screening it for intel.
Military Checkpoint
Military checkpoint in the area screens all traffic in and out, defending the region from hostile actors.
Martial Order
Curfew and other measures are employed to keep public order in check in a district.
Military Raid
Soldiers are going door to door trying to find someone or something.
Military Relocation
A large contigent of soldiers is relocating from one place to another.
Military Ambush
Soldiers have set up an ambush in the area.
Military Defensive Position
Soldiers have established an observation post and are defending the area.
SpecialOps Infiltration
Special Forces soldiers are infiltrating the area to recover sensitive intel.
SpecialOps Sabotage
Special Forces are in the area for a sabotage mission.
Kidnap HVT
A high-value target is in the area and Special Forces are trying to bring it in alive.
Assassinate HVT
Special Forces are ordered to eliminate a high-value target in the area.
Special Forces Engaged in Combat
Special Forces are engaging hostiles in the area.
Special Forces Rescue Operation
Special Forces are in the area trying to rescue allies.
Military Fleet Maintenance
Several military vehicles are in this area to be repaired, refurbished, or retrofitted.
Military Recruitment Drive
Military recruiters are in the area drumming up new recruits.
Defensive Outpost Construction
Military engineers are reinforcing the area.
Air Support Incoming
Air support has been requested in the area.
Artillery Fire Incoming
Artillery fire has been requested in the area.
Military Command Meeting
High-ranking military officers are reuniting in a location for a strategic meeting.
Resistance Propaganda Drive
Officers must lead from the front, and the military inspection happening at this location is a perfect example of that.
Military Officer in transit
We've pinpointed the location of a high-ranking military officer currently in transit.
