In good or difficult times, converts to the faith are to be found.
Worshippers of other faiths may be open to a different gospel. But their religious leaders will cry foul.
Convert Cultists
Former cultists are being brought into the flock of a corporate recognized religion.
Sue Cult
Cults are illegal organizations that give religious organizations a bad name. They are being served.
Community Service
Religious organizations have mobilized their members to support their district's homeless.
Impropriety Scandal
Religious leadership has been caught in a scandal. Some worshippers are turning to a different sect of the faith in protest.
ChrasmaticPreacher
A new preacher has become very popular and bringing many new worshippers to the sect.
Rebuild Place Of Worship
Worshippers of [Religious Sect] have collected donations to rebuild a derelict place of worship.
Rally Against Crime
Worshippers are upset with the conditions of the district and rallying the community to stand up to organized crime.
Rally Against Working Conditions
Religious organizations have mobilized their members to protest the terrible working conditions within their district.
Solarism Against Spaceport
Practitioners of Solarism have gathered in mass to protest trading with space nations, disrupting operations.
Solarism Against Shell Company
Practitioners of Solarism are angered with [ShellCompany] for providing goods to space nations. Their zeal is causing unwanted attention from the MegaCorp.
Hardliners Against Spaceport
Orthodox Hardliners of Solarism have paid off a PMC to sabotage operations of the space nation.
Reformers For Spaceport
Reformers of Solarism are supporting terraforming efforts within the solar system to remove dependency on space nations.
Orthodox Solarists Coalition With Traditional Dogmatic Veilists
Orthodox Hardliners of Solarism have formed a coalition with Traditional Dogmatists of Veilism, based on their mutual resentment of the space nations, to strengthen their respective sects.
Solarist Reformers Coalition With Benevolent Order Veilists
Reformers of Solarism have formed a coalition with followers of the Benevolent Order of Veilism, based on their mutual admiration of space exploration, to strengthen their respective sects.
Dogmatic Veilists Coalition With Orthodox Solarists
Traditional Dogmatists of Veilism have formed a coalition, based on their mutual resentment of the space nations, to strengthen their respective sects.
BenevolentOrderVeilistsCoalitionWithSolaristReformers
Followers of the Benevolent Order of Veilism have formed a coalition with Solarist Reformers, based on their mutual admiration of space exploration, to strengthen their respective sects.
Dogmatists Against Spaceport
Traditional Dogmatists of Veilism have gathered in mass to protest trading with space nations, disrupting operations.
Benevolent Order For Spaceport
Practitioners from the Benevolent Order of Veilism are supporting terraforming efforts within the solar system in hope that the Benefactors will reveal themselves.
Revealers For Space Nations
Unorthodox Revealers of Veilism have gathered supplies and worshipers to support relations with the space nations.
Humanist Flourishers for Human Augments
Humanist Flourishers of Nurturism have gathered in numbers to ritualistically augment themselves, to be better stewards of life.
ExaltersforAnimalUplifting
Exalters of Nurturism have collected donations to support the uplifted [species].
Pruners for Culling Predators
A group of extreme Pruners of Nurturism are killing predators in the district.
Moderates for Science
Moderates of Spirology have collected donations to support scientific research.
Paradoxical Spirologists for Automation
Paradoxical Spirologists have collected donations to support automation.
Paradoxical Spirologists for Mechs
Paradoxical Spirologists have collected donations to buy Mechs for their religious services.
