Convert Citizens
In good or difficult times, people are always looking for answers. And these people claim to have *all* the answers.
Convert Worshipers
Worshippers of mainstream faiths may be open to a different sort of spirituality. But their religious leaders will be outraged.
Convert Other Cultists
Converting followers from a rival cult is difficult, but not impossible.
Obedience Oath
Cult leaders require total obedience to their cause. Some guarantee this by blackmailing their own followers.
Ordain Cult Leader
Cults have strict hierarchical structures. Cultists with exceptional qualities may rise through the ranks and become Cult Leaders.
Secret Gathering
Cultists have gathered in this derelict building to prepare for the future.
Spread Notoriety
Cultists are risking arrest to spread notoriety about their 'alternative spiritual organization.'
Plant Incriminating Evidence
Particularly zealous cultists are planting incriminating evidence on a target to blackmail them later.
Private Investigation at Cult's Behest
Cults do not like outside interference and will hire P.I.s to collect 'leverage' on anyone besmirching them.
Unapproved Curriculum
Metaphysical cultists have impersonated teachers to spread their unconventional worldviews to children.
Unlicensed Sermon
A leader of a metaphysical cult is giving a free public lecture without the proper permits.
Interview with Cult Leader
An exceptionally charismatic leader of a metaphysical cult is getting interviewed about their 'alternative spiritual system.’
Permitted Rally for Metaphysical Cult
A metaphysical cult has cashed in its leverage to get official permits for a public rally.
Cult Kidnapping the Homeless
Members of an occult cult are kidnapping the homeless. Whatever their purpose, it's not for ransom.
Staging a Murder
Members of an occult cult are staging a murder to gain leverage over their target.
Cult Kidnapping a Religious Leader
Members of an occult cult are kidnapping a religious leader. Whatever their purpose, it's not for ransom.
Human Sacrifice
Leaders of an occult cult are committing human sacrifices for their dark rituals.
Publish Manifesto
A political cult has published a manifesto detailing all the ails of society and their (often contradictory) demands.
Graffiti Campaign
A political Cult is spreading its political message through a graffiti campaign.
Free Political Prisoners
A political cult has enlisted a PMC to raid a prison to free political prisoners.
Steal Incriminating Corporate Secrets
A political cult has enlisted a P.I. to steal anything incriminating about the target corporation.
Recover Embarrassing Data
A cult of personality takes its public image very seriously. A P.I. has been hired to recover embarrassing data about its founder.
Distribute Secret Pamphlets
A cult of personality is distributing pamphlets about their founder and trying to be discreet about it.
Celebrity Endorsement
A cult of personality is attracting a local celebrity to be a spokesperson on their behalf.
Strict Membership Rites
A cult of personality is culling its own followers who weren’t fully committed to the cause. But new leaders have arisen during the cleansing.
