Managerial
The highest social class.  They work managerial positions or choose not to work at all.  Guaranteed a basic living stipend, they consider it far better not to work at all if they cannot find at least a middle-manager position.
Scientists
The second-highest social class, and the one that actually gets a lot of the important things done.  They work as doctors, scientists, postdoctoral engineers, or highly-credentialed professions like lawyers.  They are strongly encouraged to work, but are extended a living stipend when they cannot find it.  Cultivating a strong highest-working class is something the administrators feel is very important.
Middle Class
Unemployment is not quite enough to warrant eviction, but if one of the highly-sought-after jobs is unavailable, then the basic living stipend of the middle class is barely enough to cover rent and food.  Debt tends to accrue if everyone in a family isn't perfectly healthy and all of the adults are not working.  Since the corporations are both landlord and employer, they find it is very advantageous to have tenants in debt and employees who know they can be replaced on a whim.
Anyone without a two-year degree is pejoratively classified as uneducated and can only work the lowest of jobs.  Even with a job, money for food and housing is tough.  Without a job, evictions take years to happen, but tremendous debt is rung up in the meantime.
Evictions take a very long time to process while the corporations milk you for rent, but once you are kicked out of your home, you are also stripped of most of your possessions and papers.  Entry back into regular society is almost impossible, and starvation is common.  Leaving for the territory of another MegaCorp is dangerous, and conditions are worse almost everywhere else in the world.  The fact that this is the richest country left on Earth keeps everyone here, hoping for their ticket t the stars even in the homeless camps.
Prisoner
They say you can judge a society on how it treats its prisoners, or how many it has, or something like that.  Well, this city fails on all counts.  Prisoners are crowded in to underground detention centers for all manner of reasons, and may never see sunlight again for the remainder of their lives.
