Invert Mousewheel Zoom
Normally when you spin the mouse wheel forward, you zoom in; spinning backwards zooms out.  This lets you flip that functionality.  OR, in the case that your hardware or OS is inverted for whatever reason, this lets you correct it to work like everyone else.

Note: if you also want/need to invert how your mouse wheel works when scrolling UI elements, then be sure to also set the 'Invert Mousewheel UI Scrolling' option in the Input tab.
Camera Default Pitch
What angle down does the camera start out by default?  Default is looking 31 degrees down.
Camera Minmum Pitch
What is the shallowest (most sideways) angle the camera can look down?  Default is 10.
			 
If you go negative, that will let the camera look back upwards more (usually this is more of a photo mode angle).
Camera Max Pitch
What is the steepest angle the main camera can look down?  The defauult is 70.
			 
If you go above 90, you'll be inverted and things get quite confusing to play.
Camera Default Yaw
What angle does the camera start out facing by default?  Default -38 degrees.
Camera Default Zoom
How high above the ground does the camera start out by default?  The default is 6.
Camera Minmum Zoom
How far down to the ground can the camera normally go?  Default is 2 above the ground, still comfortably above where the people are.
Camera Max Zoom
How far above the ground can the main camera go?  Default is 20.
Camera Rotation And Tilt Sensitivity (X)
When you are holding down the buttons that let you tilt and rotate the camera, the movements of your mouse will do those actions based on the sensitivity defined here.
Camera Rotation And Tilt Sensitivity (Y)
Camera Speed (Slow)
When holding the 'move slowly' control, how fast does the main camera move?  Default is 1.  Note that at higher altitudes, all movements are amplified.
Camera Speed (Normal)
When not holding any movement speed multiplier control, how fast does the main camera move?  Default is 2.  Note that at higher altitudes, all movements are amplified.
Camera Speed (Fast)
When holding the 'move fast' control, how fast does the main camera move?  Default is 4.  Note that at higher altitudes, all movements are amplified.
Camera Speed (Turbo)
When holding the 'move fast' and 'move slow' controls together, which activates turbo, how fast does the main camera move?  Default is 8.  Note that at higher altitudes, all movements are amplified.
Mouse Zoom Sensitivity (Slow)
How fast the camera zooms in and out when you are using the mouse wheel to trigger zoom, and holding the 'slow movement' key.
Mouse Zoom Sensitivity (Normal)
How fast the camera zooms in and out when you are using the mouse wheel to trigger zoom.
Mouse Zoom Sensitivity (Fast)
How fast the camera zooms in and out when you are using the mouse wheel to trigger zoom, and holding the 'fast movement' key.
Mouse Zoom Sensitivity (Turbo)
How fast the camera zooms in and out when you are using the mouse wheel to trigger zoom, and holding both the 'slow movement' and 'fast movement' keys.
Panning Multiliplier
When in the battle camera, you're focused on a much smaller area than normal.  How much slower, if at all, is the camera going to move in this mode?  Default is 0.7, or 70% speed.
Zoom Multiliplier
When in the battle camera, you're focused on a much smaller area than normal.  How much slower, if at all, is the camera going to move in this mode?  Default is 0.3, or 30% speed.
