Show Advanced Settings
There are a whole lot of these, friend.  If you're not already super into the game or having a specific problem, it's a good idea to steer clear of these.  The defaults are awesome 99% of the time.
Use Unrestricted UI Update Speeds
Normally, most UI windows only update their contents every 50-100 milliseconds.  If your framerate is much higher than this, however, you may prefer that the UI update at whatever your actual framerate is.
           
This will likely reduce your framerate, potentially substantially, but it leads to the ultimate in responsiveness.
Enable Performance Logging
Turning this on may hurt performance a bit, but not hugely so in most cases.  It lets you then see a lot of information about how the game is spending its CPU time by right-clicking the timer in the bottom left of the main game view.  Off by default, as it has no other purpose than that.
Mousewheel Camera Zoom Speed (Normal)
How fast should the mouse wheel normally zoom in or out your view, assuming that you are NOT holding down the 'go faster' button?
Mousewheel Camera Zoom Speed (Fast)
How fast should the mouse wheel zoom in or out your view when you are holding down the 'go faster' button?
Mousewheel UI Scroll Speed
How fast should the scroll wheel move UI scrollbars when you spin it?  The default value is 30, which should be comfortable for most folks.  But if your OS has unusual settings, and the in-game interface feels like it scrolls to slowly, then go for a higher number.  If it's too fast, go for a lower number.
Invert Mousewheel UI Scrolling
Normally when you spin the mouse wheel forward, any scrollable areas you are hovering over in the UI go up; spinning backwards goes down.  This lets you flip that functionality.  OR, in the case that your hardware or OS is inverted for whatever reason, this lets you correct it to work like everyone else.

Note: if you also want/need to invert how your mouse wheel works when zooming the game view, then be sure to also set the 'Invert Mouse Zoom' option in the Cameras tab.
