Sound
If disabled, no sound effects play.
If disabled, no music plays.
Voice
If disabled, no spoken voice audio plays.
Master Volume
Volume of all sound in general, music and sound effects and so on.  Adjusting this keeps the relative volumes of sub-channels as they are.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Music Volume
Volume of the music, relative to all non-music sound.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Sound Volume
Volume of all sound effects in general, relative to the music.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
World Sound Volume
Volume of the sounds of the noises of the world, relative to the interface and music/ambience.  Adjusting this keeps the relative volumes of sub-channels as they are.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Big Sounds Volume
Large sudden sounds, which cause the music or ambience to duck a bit.  Notable explosions, death cries, sounds of ominous intent, etc.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Massive Sounds Volume
Truly giant sounds, which quiet almost everything else and arrest your attention on whatever is going on here.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Magic Volume
Volume of magic spells, primarily during combat but also outside of combat when relevant.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Physical Weapons Volume
Volume of the sound of physical weapon strikes (including creature physical attacks).  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Construction Volume
Volume of the sounds of construction, at your bases or otherwise.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Environment Effects Volume
Volume of environmental sounds with a specific source (water falling, fires crackling, etc).  Does not include general ambience like wind rustling in trees.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Character Foley Volume
Volume of sounds made by characters (footsteps, armor jingle, etc).  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Other World Sounds Volume
Volume of other miscellaneous sounds that happen in the world and don't fit into another category.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Voice And Interface Parent Volume
Volume of all non-world sound effects in general, relative to the world sound effects.  Adjusting this keeps the relative volumes of sub-channels as they are.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Interface Volume
Volume of click sound effects and other interface feedback.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Voice Volume (Routine)
Volume of normal voices of characters.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Voice Volume (Large)
Volume of voices that are large and extra intimidating.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.
Alert Volume
Volume of voice and nonverbal alerts of high importance.  Can range from 0 to 200.  This is relative to its starting value in the mixer, so the default is always 100.  Default is louder than average.
