Ectothracity
The Megacorp owning what was formerly very northern Canada and western Greenland.  Very temperate and fertile areas now.
Calgartek
The Megacorp owning former Alaska and western and central Canada.  A thriving and comfortable place to live.
Soto Heavy Industries
The Megacorp owning central and eastern North America, except for the Virginia-New-England Nuclear Exclusion Zone.  
		
Southern regions are infertile and almost too hot to live in, but northern regions remain productive and fertile.
Anahuacom
The Megacorp owning the western coast of North America, and most of central America.  
		
The equatorial regions are inhospitable except at high altitudes, and seismic activity make much of former California highly undesirable of a location.
Caralla Dynamics
The Megacorp owning the western coast of South America.  Far from any nuclear exclusion zones, and containing many high mountains and a few remaining rainforests, life is comfortable even if the population is much lower than in its prime.
Ceradonella Ltd
The Megacorp owning the northern and eastern coast of South America, including most of former Brazil.
		
The largest remaining repository of rainforests.  Temperatures are a struggle, but this is still a productive region.
Equatorinet
The Megacorp owning the remaining inhabitable parts of Africa, primarily everything south of the desesertification region.
		
Temperatures are a major concern, and populations are spread out and relatively small because of these conditions.  However, mineral wealth and historical high education levels keep the corporation relevant as a technological powerhouse.
Dagekon
The Megacorp owning the remaining inhabitable parts of Europe, primarily everything north of the desesertification region and east of the Franco-British Nuclear Exclusion Zone.
		
The northern latitudes are quite nice, while the southern regions are barely habitable.  Southern regions also struggle with fallout blowing in from the Middle Eastern Nuclear Exclusion Zone.
Mandartec
The Megacorp owning the bulk of south and east Asia.
		
Temperatures and climate range from the ideal to the inhospitable, and dual nearby Nuclear Exclusion Zones make the northwest a challenging area to live in particular.
Universal Islander Holdings (UIH)
The Megacorp owning the bulk of the island real estate around the world.
		
Former Iceland and New Zealand remain inhabitable despite their proximity to Nuclear Exclusion Zones, and much of the Pacific Island area is inhabited if extremely intemperate.

The crown jewels are a variety of islands in the far north that were historically too cold to be inhabited, but which are quite reasonable.
Sedgesinax
The Megacorp owning the bulk of former Greenland.
		
Temperatures and climate are mostly ideal, and there is a huge amount of space available.
