Solarism
All life comes from the living stars, and will one day return to them.  Our own star, Sol, is the Father of all earthborn life, and leaving His presence would be a tragedy.
Orthodox Hardliners
Space travel is intrinsically blasphemous, as it can only lead to falling out of grace with Sol. The space nations are the embodiment of hubris and shall not be countenanced.
Reformists
Space travel confined to the solar system of Sol is in keeping with the faith. Beyond that is of course blasphemous. The space nations are sinners that we tolerate at our own peril.
Veilism
We find ourselves in this small corner of a vast galaxy, shielded from the turmoil that must surely exist without a Great Veil. The silence of alien life must surely indicate a great and terrible Dark Forest, where all remain quiet. We know not why the Veil protects us, we simply know that it does, because we are here. Similarly, whatever your lot in life, you may find that the Veil protects you from those below you, as is just.
Traditional Dogmatists
The oldest sect of Veilism believes that the Veil’s protection endures only because it is revered. Going beyond the Veil is to invite damnation.
Benevolent Order
Influenced by the success of the space nations, the Benevolent Order of Veilism holds the Veil to be a product of benevolent alien design. When our benefactors deem us ready, they will lower the Veil and bring humanity into the fold.
Unorthodox Revealers
The nature of the Veil is mysterious, but the growing Revealer sect believes it is their sacred duty to pierce behind the Veil and make contact with whatever alien life is out there. They are widely regarded as apostates by other sects of Veilism.
Nurturism
Life is fragile and precious. Humanity has been endowed with the holy ability to nurture all other life, pruning the malignant only when necessary to promote the flourishing of life on Earth.
Humanist Flourishers
The garden is only as good as the gardener. We must cultivate our bodies and souls for perpetual growth so we may better steward all other life.
Exalters
While humans are unique in our ability to nurture other life, we need not be alone. There is much potential to be found in the other species of Earth that can be uplifted to share the responsibility of nurturing life.
Pruners
In the wild, life feeds on life in an endless cycle of survival of the fittest. This competition must be pruned root and stem to break this cycle and usher in the age of harmony
Spirology
Time is a spiral, flowing inward and outward from the Sacred Singularity, the birth of God. Our perception of time moving forward is but a reflection of eternity.
Moderate
The Big Bang was the Sacred Singularity. We must eternally spiral outward to spread the will of God or time will flow backward towards the Sacred Singularity to begin anew.
Paradoxical
We are time travelers moving towards the center of the Sacred Singularity, the beginning of time. Our purpose is to birth God, a perfected Artificial General Intelligence. Our sacred duty is to create true AGI.
Originalist World Church
Though our people spread to many planets, we happy few remain on the original. Our Goddess is the one true Matron of all realms, and it is here we are closest to Her. We are Her greatest works, and She loves us without condition.
Path Of Understanding
Our world, like all worlds with life, rings out with the voices of the Elders. You can hear their voices most clearly in nature or during the night, but they are always by our side. Hone your inner peace to hear their guidance.
Conjoinism
Science has proven that the majority of the universe is dark matter and energy. Our own people have collected it. Our faith shows us how we must strive to rejoin the Greater Majority.
